It has agreed to bring forward detailed proposals for the regeneration of the East Pier - owned by Stena Line - for new retail, leisure and housing. "We aim to work with Stena Line and the council to bring forward proposals that will match the aspirations of the local community and create new growth opportunities for Stranraer." 
The project is designed to generate heat that would be used in thousands of nearby homes. 
The IPO is the first this year by a so-called technology "unicorn" - start-ups valued at more than $1bn (Â£700m). 
In a statement read at court, the victim said she still has nightmares about the attack and now lives in fear. When their advances had failed in clubs and venues around the town, they then spent 50 minutes trawling Ipswich looking for a young woman, it was heard. The court heard they attempted to evade CCTV cameras on their way back into town, and in the days after they attempted to change their appearance and looked at flights to flee the country. 
Recent hacked emails are "consistent with the methods and motivation of Russia-directed efforts", the Department of Homeland Security said. But a joint statement from the Department of Homeland Security and the Director of National Intelligence on Election Security said high-ranking officials at the Kremlin were almost certainly involved in the successful attacks. Adam Schiff, a senior member of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, said he applauded the decision to publicly name Russia as the culprit. 
The teams will be split into four groups of four teams on day one, with the top two from each group progressing to the knockout stages. The quarter-finals, semi-finals and final - and a play-off for third place - will be contested on day two. 
He turned 38 a month before the first battle of Passchendaele and saw action in the Boesinghe sector in Poelcapelle. Before he fought in the battle, he was one of just 200 men who survived the first Battle of Ypres in 1914. After the war, he didn't speak of his time in the army. Sam Barnett's also posted about his great-grandfather, Private Maurice Walter Barnett, who was killed in the opening attack of the battle on 31 July 1917. Russell Craig tweeted an image in remembrance of his great uncle, Private James Kelly, who was killed in the battle on 16 August 1917. Twitter user @DaveVForce shared his memory of his distant cousin who was killed in the battle. 
The Hampshire County Men's Final between Southsea Waverley and Boscombe Cliff was held in Southampton on Sunday. The sport's governing body in the county, Bowls Hampshire, confirmed there was an incident which resulted in a Boscombe player being "asked to leave the green" and the team conceding the match. 
Ch Insp Kenny Simpson, of Police Scotland, said: "I want to stress this was an isolated incident and we are not looking for anyone else as part of this investigation. 
Hreidar Mar Sigurdsson, the former chief executive of Kaupthing - formerly Iceland's largest bank - received a jail sentence of five and a half years - the heaviest sentence for financial fraud in Iceland's history. 
"But I think over a long period, the players that keep working hard will eventually get success in the team." "First half, fair credit to Inverness, I think they passed the ball excellently and shocked us a bit. 
He was instrumental in securing the "high ambition coalition" of rich and poor countries that was pivotal to a deal in the French capital. Mr De Brum died at his home in Majuro, the capital of the Marshall Islands. Born near the end of WWII, Mr De Brum grew up in an era when the tiny Pacific state was being used to host a number of US nuclear bomb tests. "The very existence of the Paris Climate Agreement owes a lot to Tony De Brum," she wrote in a statement. 
The journals were written by sailors on board HMS Trincomalee, which is berthed in Hartlepool. HMS Trincomalee was built for the Admiralty in Bombay and served in the West Indies and the Pacific. 
The government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, which is backed by Russia, denies its forces launched a chemical weapons attack. 
Children's Laureate Chris Riddell, former Children's Laureate Anthony Browne and Helen Oxenbury - who first won the award for outstanding illustration in a book for children in 1969 - have all made the shortlist, which is dominated by traditional picture books this year. • Willy's Stories illustrated and written by Anthony Browne • There's a Bear on My Chair illustrated and written by Ross Collins • Something About a Bear illustrated and written by Jackie Morris • Captain Jack and the Pirates illustrated by Helen Oxenbury, written by Peter Bently • The Sleeper and the Spindle illustrated by Chris Riddell, written by Neil Gaiman 
More than 30,000 local and international artists performed at the event. 
But a potential club versus country row has been defused by their non-selection in the final squad. 
Sussex Police said they were concerned for her welfare and it was unlike her not to get in touch. A child in the back seat was not wearing a proper seat belt and it emerged she was already banned from driving. 
He added: "When we returned them to their camp they were met with open arms by the other cubs and scouts. The alarm had been raised by the rest of the group at about 18:45 when they failed to return and they were found at about 20:40. 
The move is designed to create a "level playing field" for British lorry drivers, as they have to pay for using roads in Europe. Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin said: "These proposals will deliver a vital shot in the arm to the UK haulage industry. 
They are made of coral, which is a bit like rock but is actually living, like trees and plants. 
The former Aberdeen boss, who is the head of the Scottish League Managers Association, was speaking after Ian Baraclough's departure from Motherwell. "I would ask bookmakers to take into consideration the people on the receiving end of it and try a different approach to take that undignified element away from it. "It's just the way it is," he told BBC Scotland. "It's just the nature of the beast. 
The party said Geoffrey Clark, who is standing for Kent County Council, would not be a UKIP councillor if elected. Mr Clark said on his website he did not endorse the abortion idea but suggested it to cut the national debt. A UKIP spokesman said the party rejected Mr Clark's "abhorrent" views. "Mr Clark has been formally suspended as a UKIP candidate and will not be standing for the party again. 
He said the upcoming elections give the party a chance to show they can be disciplined and do "good things for the people of Wales". 
A recent survey suggested that more than a quarter of EU nationals - normally the most loyal and lucrative visitors - would be less likely to holiday here because of the vote to leave. Simon Calder, travel editor of The Independent, said: "It is not unreasonable for people on the continent to feel a bit miffed with the result of the EU vote. "I think a bigger worry, actually, are people who will infer for some reason - maybe all the rhetoric that was going on at the time of the referendum - that somehow they'll need a visa to come to Scotland. The numbers of tourists coming to Scotland's shores is just one side of the coin. "They form a huge part of the workforce in the hotels," he said. 
The LGA, which took on responsibility for public health under the recent NHS shake-up, says exercise prescriptions would encourage people to be more active, lose weight and keep fit. Spokeswoman Izzi Seccombe said: "There are some instances where rather than prescribing a pill, advising on some type of moderate physical activity outdoors could be far more beneficial to the patient. "There are already some good examples where this is being piloted in the UK and it is something we should consider on a nationwide basis." 
Daniel McLaren, of Fleetwood Close in Newbury, has been charged with murder. 
Richard Brindley (Colchester United) wins a free kick on the left wing. Ched Evans (Chesterfield) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Luke Prosser (Colchester United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Ched Evans (Chesterfield) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Macauley Bonne (Colchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Gboly Ariyibi (Chesterfield) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Luke Prosser (Colchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Richard Brindley (Colchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Tarique Fosu-Henry (Colchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Ched Evans (Chesterfield) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Gboly Ariyibi (Chesterfield) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
The Queensland senator, who was born in India to a Welsh father, said he never believed he was British citizen. Speaking in a television interview with Sky News, Senator Roberts said he contacted British authorities days before the cut-off for candidate nominations. "I am a citizen only of Australia and therefore eligible to hold the position as Senator in the Australian parliament," he said on Facebook. 
"It is now time for a new challenge in my career and I'm delighted to be able to sign for Leicester Tigers," said Kalamafoni. 
Mr Hollande issued a partial pardon at the end of January but the courts twice rejected applications for her release. "I've decided to grant Jacqueline Sauvage a pardon of the rest of her sentence. It also secured the backing of President Hollande, who met her three daughters and gave her a partial pardon, which is part of the constitution but used very rarely. His initial pardon in January was for her sentence to be reduced to a minimum, allowing for the judiciary to decide when she should be freed. 
However, he will not withdraw from next month's European Indoor Championships as he did from the World Indoors after last year's disqualification, and is hopeful of earning selection. "If the selectors can have faith, I'm not going to make a decision like I did last year to withdraw from the championships," he said. "I'm over the moon, I'm excited, I didn't get to go [to the European Indoor Championships] two years ago, I want to go this year," she told 5 live. 
Britons Marcus Ellis and Chris Langridge reached the last eight of the men's doubles by beating Korean seventh seeds Kim Gi Jung and Kim Sa Rang 14-21 21-15 21-16. 
These would have formed when comets passed too close to the Sun and broke apart under tidal forces into many pieces, and then splattered the surface of the Solar System's innermost world. And tidally fragmented comets would have done so as a train of objects, having been dislocated in the Sun's immense gravity field. David Rothery and Emma Fegan have been poring over Messenger images, trying to determine how many of the 500 or so crater chains they have identified on Mercury are evidence of this same process of tidal disruption. The chains Rothery and Fegan are attempting to distinguish, on the other hand, have no clear origin. And, intriguingly, when they plot the orientation of these suspect catenae, they appear to betray a bias. 
It cited lootings, property destruction, abductions and killings in territory recaptured from the Islamic State (IS) group. The UN said it was particularly worried about 1,300 Sunnis stranded in "no-man's-land" near Sinjar, between Kurdish security forces and IS. 
Mr Rowley did not give details about what the next phase would involve, but said officers were working through every credible line of inquiry as part of the "slog of a major investigation". The Metropolitan Police's relationship with officers in Portugal was working well, he added. 
Mr Harding said the drift of classified marketing from local papers to the internet had resulted in financial difficulties for the regional press. I am acutely concerned by the pressures facing the local newspaper industry and we at the BBC will do anything to help," he said. "We have a direct interest in the health of local newspapers and regional newsrooms," he said. He stressed the BBC's "uncompromising commitment to accuracy, impartiality, diversity of opinion and the decent treatment of people in the news". 
The musical, which opened on Broadway in 1981 and was filmed in 2006, has taken 35 years to reach the West End. "We now have a fantastic talent pool and will be able to keep it running for years and years because of the talent that is out there." The Lion King opened in 1999 in London and still plays to full houses at the Lyceum Theatre, 17 years on. Riley, who is making her West End debut in the production, said the part of Effie was "the role of a lifetime". The Mail's Quentin Letts says the show "has great costumes and incessant dancing" and is "likely to be a hit". 
The very Rev Dr Houston McKelvey will lead the Canons of St Anne's Cathedral on to Donegall Street for the annual event. This will be the last black santa sit-out for the Church of Ireland dean of Belfast, Rev Houston McKelvey, who announced he is to retire in April 2011. Dean McKelvey said: "We will be in the street as usual each day from Thursday to Christmas Eve from nine in the morning to five in the evening. 
Lenders reported that this was the third successive quarter of falling demand, the bank's Credit Conditions Survey found. Mortgages for high-value property saw the biggest fall in demand since the third quarter of 2008. 
The leader of Oxford City Council, Councillor Bob Price, said: "We have been working closely with the police and Oxfordshire County Council to ensure a safe and enjoyable event with Magdalen Bridge open, as it has traditionally been, and we are delighted that this collaboration has had a successful outcome." Oxford commander, Supt Amanda Pearson, said: "Thames Valley Police supports the decision taken by the council to reopen Magdalen Bridge to the public for this year's May Morning celebrations, and will work closely with our partners to ensure this is done in a safe way. 
Police were called to a property off Hensford Road, Dawlish at 08:00 BST on Saturday, following reports of a man with a crossbow. 
After claiming maximum bowling points, the Bears must do the same with the bat on day two to try and close the gap on leaders Yorkshire, who are already in a strong position in their game against Nottinghamshire. "The Bears have privately accepted for a while that the title was Yorkshire's to lose but, if the Tykes beat Notts, it puts Warwickshire in a strong position to claim the decent prize money for second. "The short boundary in front of the Eric Hollies Stand encourages brisk scoring and Warwickshire will look to push the game forward on the second day." 
This comes despite a sharp decline on the number of people crossing the Mediterranean this year. Smugglers, the UN says, are organising more crossings in very bad weather and staging mass embarkations, in which thousands of people in flimsy boats set off at the same time. An agreement between Turkey and the European Union to halt migrants from travelling to Greek islands has drastically reduced the number of boat arrivals there. 
Here's a peek at some of the futuristic gear that'll be on show: And of course there's more unusual stuff that will be on display. 
Once in the doldrums, production of the country's cocoa crop has risen sharply, registering a 10-fold increase since 2004. Many of the small farmers, who were previously living on the edge of poverty, have seen a boost to their incomes. But by the late 1990s, the crop was in severe decline, partly because of a crash in the price of the commodity. Farmers lost faith in cocoa as a source of income and one politician even predicted the end of the industry on the islands. Kaoka found that if the farmers could produce cocoa certified as organic, they could improve the price of their crop. 
Product and furniture designer Scott Jarvie said: "London Design Festival will be the centre of the design universe in September, so I'm thrilled to be part of the V&A Dundee show, exhibiting alongside leading lights in contemporary Scottish design. The full list of designers and companies taking part in Northern Lights is: 
The race took place on 18 November, a few hundred miles from the South Pole at the foot of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica. 
"The chairman made it very clear he wanted me to stay," Morgan said. 
But EU leaders are anxious to avoid sounding like the nationalists who argue that the removal of border controls in the EU left Europeans more at risk from terrorists. The dilemma for the EU is that Schengen - the passport-free area embracing 26 countries - greatly eases the flow of people and goods across the EU, but also requires more information-sharing, to prevent cross-border criminality. There are fears that the international campaign to smash IS, and the Russian bombing in support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces, will drive even more Syrians to flee abroad. So the 28 leaders in Brussels will look again at the EU's help for Greece and Turkey. Greek coastguards and the EU's Frontex border agency only manage to intercept 20% of the migrants who reach Greek islands after life-threatening voyages, according to Frontex. 
The locomotive was transported by sea to Canada in 2011 where it spent six months at Toronto's Roundhouse Park for a theatrical production of The Railway Children. It returned to the UK where it was used in the show at a pop-up theatre in King's Cross, London. 
Wales are playing Northern Ireland twice in two days in preparation for the upcoming Fifa Women's World Cup Qualifying campaign. 
It acquired the rights to the inventions involved in the case from Ericsson in a controversial deal. "Over the past nine months since we acquired the Unwired Planet patent portfolio, we have actively resolved a majority of the existing litigation that had been initiated by Unwired Planet, including suits involving Samsung, LG and Apple." 
"In today's world of persistently low interest rates, it is vital that we do everything possible to enable people to accumulate and earn a return on their savings which can meet their lifetime needs," said Andrew Bailey, chief executive of the FCA. Some investors have been critical of the sector for years, owing to the complicated structure of fees that can include charges for performance and transactions. There was criticism in the report of "actively-managed funds" when a fund manager is paid to research the market. The FCA's solution is to have one easily-comparable charge and make value for money a priority. The FCA found that investors in a passive fund which just tracks the market could earn a 44% higher return over 20 years, because of lower charges. 
The scheme first emerged about seven-and-a-half years ago with the promise of an Â£800m investment and the creation of thousands of jobs. 
He also presented the Queen's letter, in which she wrote: "I am delighted that the long and enduring association between the Australian and British armies will be joined by the military secondment of my grandson, Prince Harry. The Australian military has said the placement will be "challenging and hectic", and the prince has said he is "tremendously looking forward" to it. 
Liver disease deaths have more than doubled in the past 20 years, largely due to an increase in obesity, alcohol misuse and blood borne viral hepatitis. 
The note was sold by auctioneers Lyon and Turnbull in Edinburgh on Wednesday. 
A total of 6.6% achieved this in 2016, a fall on last year and still short of the UK average of 8.1%. The proportion of students getting A* and A also fell again from 23.1% to 22.7% and Wales continues to trail the rest of the UK and all regions of England apart from the North East of England. Wales and England are a little further apart now at the top grades for A-level physics, with Wales dropping back to 25.8% behind England on 29.6%. Wales has more students getting these lower grades in English (23.2%) than who managed A* to A (15.9%) in the same subject. There is also a more students getting D and E grades in French in Wales than in England for most of the last six years. David Evans, secretary of NUT Wales, said A-levels were the first time students specialised in subjects and it was important the quality of education and teaching was there. For the first time last year, we were able to compare Wales' results with regions of England on the day they were published. It also has the lowest for A* and A - apart from the North East of England, which is now lower than Wales. There were 23,740 students from Wales applying to universities in the UK this year - and with many looking at more than one university, this meant a total of 40,010 applications to Ucas. There is very little difference in the number of students from Wales applying to university over the last few years. More than half a million students got higher education places in the UK last year - three quarters of those who applied. By the end of Thursday, Ucas said 17,510 students from Wales had places in higher education - more than at the same time over the last five years. In Wales, the entry rate range is from just under 18% of 18-year-olds in Aberavon, to just over 48% in Cardiff North. Meanwhile, students living in what are classed as the most advantaged areas of Wales are five-and-a-half times more likely to go to a university with higher entry requirements than those from the most disadvantaged parts. "One of the great challenges in higher education is to attract students from less-affluent backgrounds because. Around 4,100 students from Wales were looking for places on results day through the clearing system, which is a lower number than the last five years. A total of 300 students from Wales were given places on the first day, according to Ucas. The university took 1,000 calls last year and was offering "a limited number of places" across 315 courses, with demand expected to be high in science and computing. Joanna Harris, of Careers Wales, said clearing could sometimes be a blessing in disguise to give students a chance to reflect and warned against making rushed decisions. 
If you want to receive Breaking News alerts via email, or on a smartphone or tablet via the BBC News App then details on how to do so are available on this help page. 
But Ceredigion council confirmed a plot has now been transferred to the family. "He always said he wanted to be buried in this cemetery, it's close to the rugby club and it's close to his home," he said. 
Second Half ends, Chelsea 3, Swansea City 1. Jack Cork (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Kurt Zouma (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Fernando Llorente (Swansea City). Chelsea 3, Swansea City 1. Leroy Fer (Swansea City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Eden Hazard (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Martin Olsson (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Gylfi Sigurdsson (Swansea City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. David Luiz (Chelsea) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Fernando Llorente (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Gary Cahill (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Chelsea 2, Swansea City 1. Victor Moses (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Fernando Llorente (Swansea City). Foul by Diego Costa (Chelsea). Alfie Mawson (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Leroy Fer (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Pedro (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Diego Costa (Chelsea). Federico Fernández (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
Meanwhile, George Pilkington has signed a new one-year contract, while David Fitzpatrick has also agreed a deal with the National League club. 
Glasses, bottles and other items were thrown after a pre-season friendly between Grimsby Town and Sheffield United on Saturday. 
Lord Carlile said the payment was wrong as al-Harith was "plainly a terrorist". He said he believed the settlement was paid to avoid disclosure in court of security service activities. The former PM continued: "He was not paid compensation by my government. Lord Blunkett, who was home secretary at the time of al-Harith's release, said he had never campaigned for his return, but "fully accepted that the situation of British citizens held without trial there, was unsustainable and legally and morally indefensible". The government in 2004 had "acted responsibly" he said, adding that "public controversy" at the time had been about whether enough was being done to release detainees "and not the wisdom of providing balanced reassurance". Jack Straw, who was foreign secretary in 2004, said he "never regarded" al-Harith as innocent "and neither Mr Blair nor I ever said that he was innocent". 
He spoke on behalf of the Dallas Police Department, but his words echoed a personal statement he made six years earlier, in the wake of another Dallas police death. Mr Brown took a leave of absence, according to local news reports from the time, and there was speculation that he would resign. But Mr Brown returned to work, determined to improve the Dallas Police Department's relations with the community. He made enemies of the police unions by publicly sacking crooked officers, the Dallas Observer reported. Mr Brown's approach was visible on Thursday, in the hours before the gunman opened fire, as the police department's Twitter account posted pictures of officers posing with protesters and smiling. "Dallas police officers maintain traffic control to ensure the safety of the demonstrators," said another. Speaking to the Observer in February, Mr Brown paid tribute to his officers and acknowledged the risks they took. 
Mr Trump also said Republicans were coming at him "from all sides" and their disloyalty was harder to fight than the Democrats. Mr Ryan is the latest Republican not to back Mr Trump after a 2005 video emerged showing him making obscene comments about groping women. Mr Trump fired back in a string of tweets, saying the "shackles" had been removed, allowing him to "fight for America the way I want to". Reportedly delivered from the confines of his eponymous tower in New York, Mr Trump lashed out at a party establishment that never really wanted him as its nominee and only grudgingly backed him in the hopes that he was a force they could control. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said he was "really disturbed" by Mr Trump's comments about women but still planned to support him, saying the election was "about bigger issues than that". Texas Senator and former rival Ted Cruz also said he would still cast his ballot for Mr Trump, telling a Texas TV station that Mrs Clinton was an "absolute disaster". Another rival from the primaries, Senator Marco Rubio, said he would also back Mr Trump. 
The 25-year-old, with the help of his 'Will-bombs' fans, explains how the scheme - which runs sessions across the UK - can help "make you an incredible player". 
Some of the 150 protesters who gathered held photos of those they said had been imprisoned for their political views. "After a long wait and rumours of an impending release of prisoners of conscience in Syria, our hopes have vanished," said a statement from the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. The organisation - which groups together the families of 21 jailed human rights activists - had said it planned to demonstrate in front of the ministry on Wednesday. The interior ministry denied that the initial protest was political in nature. He said that there was no chance of political upheaval, and pledged to press on with a package of reforms. 
But obviously he was asked to play a different role by Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat because of their circumstances and he did a brilliant job for the team. But knowing him like I do, if he is asked to do any kind of job for his team to help them stay in the Premier League then he will always give it his all. Defoe has pace and thrives on being put through too of course, but one of the reasons he has scored as many goals as he has done in his career is that there are so many different elements to his game. But I know that it will not have knocked his confidence because he is the sort of player that never loses faith in himself, and for good reason. That bit of class he produced against Newcastle was the kind of moment of brilliance I have come to expect from him after playing with and against him down the years. 
Researchers plotted the distance between state schools in England against the proportion of pupils achieving five good GCSEs. But even a slight increase in the distance between schools saw a sharp drop in grades for poorer pupils, according to the study. However, the average attainment of free school meals students was not lowest in the most geographically isolated schools - more than 15km from their nearest neighbours, according to the researchers, although it was still poorer than in the most highly populated areas. 
Smith and Danny Brough swapped drop-goals before Smith landed a second one-pointer and Dan Sarginson's score sent the Warriors to the summit. The final 10 minutes became a drop-goal contest between half-backs Smith and Brough, and Wigan forged a crucial one-point lead before England international Sarginson raced over in the dying seconds to clinch a thrilling victory. 
One of the organisers, Richard Lusimbo, told the AFP news agency: "For us, this is a celebration of who we are." 
But the spending cuts and tax rises have undermined the economic recovery in Spain. The country is back in recession and its banks are severely under-capitalised given the collapse in the Spanish property market. 
The abuse was said to have been carried out at locations across southern England and London in the 1970s and 1980s. In a statement, the IPCC said: "There is no evidence to indicate bad faith, malice or dishonesty and no indication any of the officers may have behaved in a manner which would justify disciplinary proceedings. But the watchdog said there was an indication that the DCI and two other detectives may have failed to accurately present all relevant information to a district judge when applying for search warrants for three properties. IPCC commissioner Carl Gumsley said: "The allegation that incomplete information may have been provided to a district judge when applying for search warrants is serious and the IPCC will thoroughly investigate this matter." 
In a statement her family said they were "heartbroken at the loss" of their "loving daughter". Her family said: "We are truly saddened, heartbroken and still in complete shock that we have lost a beautiful and caring soul. 
He said he found a laceration in the wall of the child's right atrium which would have caused his "rapid death". He described Liam's broken bone injuries as "quite severe" and said the large amount of bleeding in the muscle around the leg fracture could have contributed to his death. He stressed that heart injury was the most likely cause of Liam's death but said he could not rule out that it had been caused during CPR. Dr French said the child had a low body weight for his age, in the bottom 4% of the population according to medical charts. He also said Liam appeared thin, with the muscles in his arms and legs less than he would expect to see in someone of his age. 
The oil company rejected this, saying the ship was delivering fuel to industrial facilities there and the authorities had been kept informed. The military spokesman, Colonel Ahmed Mesmari, said the tanker had been targeted because it had failed to submit to an inspection before entering the port. It said the vessel was attacked before it could enter the port to unload its cargo. It said it remained neutral in the conflict in Libya and the incident would hinder its ability to maintain supplies within the local market. 
Over the last few months some 13,000 Munduruku have been protesting against government plans to build a series of hydroelectric dams that will flood part of their land on the upper reaches of the Tapajos river. Now the new frontier for Brazil's hydropower expansion has moved to the Tapajos River - a huge tributary to the Amazon that lies further to the west. Adrian Barnett, a British biologist working in the area, says that - even by the high standards of the Amazon basin - the Tapajos is an area of extreme biological richness. The government plans to award the contracts for the first of these dams, Sao Luiz do Tapajos, later this year. The authorities are adamant that they need to tap into the huge hydropower potential of the Amazon if Brazil is to have the energy to fuel its ambitious development programme. Claudio Salles, director of the Acende Brasil energy think tank, says that of the 19,000 additional megawatts the government plans to have by 2021, 16,000 will be generated in the Amazon. "And it is precisely the production of primary goods that needs a lot of energy and generates few jobs." 
"Messages from her mum will have to be positive but she will also have to allow [Kajsa] to persevere herself. "One of the key aspects will be motivation. Her reason of wanting to motivate other people to exercise and this sense of purpose will be really important. "The notion of self-talk, what she is going to say to herself throughout the challenge, will be important. "This personal link of wanting to motivate other people to exercise will give her a sense of purpose and might help drive her on especially during difficult moments of the challenge." 
In Seville, some people jumped off bridge to swim in the city's Guadalquivir river to try and escape the heat, according to AFP. The heatwave is expected to spread, prompting concern in France and in the UK. The high temperatures are expected to last at least until the end of the week. Chemical processes start to be affected, the cells inside the body deteriorate and there is a risk of multiple organ failure. 
The reported failure of the talks is a big blow for Yahoo, which has been seeking to restructure its operations in a bid to boost its flagging fortunes. "Installing the hand-picked choices of the current board does nothing to allay investor fears that Yahoo is poised to repeat the errors of its past,'' Mr Loeb wrote in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. "We have received constructive suggestions from several of our major shareholders and, therefore, it is especially disappointing that Mr. Loeb has chosen a potentially disruptive path, just as the company is moving forward under new leadership to aggressively increase the value of Yahoo,'' the firm said in a statement. 
The trunk road drops from 150m (492ft) to 20m (65ft) as it enters a valley at the Berriedale Braes. 
More than half of the 40 UK police forces that responded to a Freedom of Information request from the programme reported delays of at least three months. Cases were "waiting to be allocated" to a member of staff in the hi-tech crime unit for analysis. When her mother Amy alerted the police, she was astonished to be told it would take six months before forensic examination of her daughter's laptop and phone could begin. The family eventually waited 10 months for police to examine the evidence, but the case was dropped after they said Louise's phone no longer worked. Families of children who had been abused online said the failure by police to launch a full and immediate investigation into every case had left paedophiles free to continue their abuse. Karen Bradley, minister for preventing abuse and exploitation, said the government was "committed to ensuring police have the resources they need, and have prioritised child sexual abuse as a national threat". 
The road is near a bonfire in the New Lodge and it is understood a number of petrol bombs were thrown on the road. On Monday, shortly after material was taken away from a bonfire in the Markets, a number of parked cars were set on fire and petrol bombs, stones and other missiles were thrown at police. Later that evening, trouble spread to other areas and a disused credit union building was set on fire in west Belfast. Belfast City Council staff have also been targeted and on Tuesday, the council confirmed that one of its workers had been injured when a stone was thrown at a council vehicle. It also confirmed that some street cleansing and commercial waste collections were restricted in the Markets, New Lodge and Divis areas on Tuesday. Community centres in the New Lodge, Divis and Markets areas closed to the public at 17:00 BST. In a statement about Monday's attacks, the PSNI said officers had dealt with "localised disorder caused by a small group of people" - some as young as 12 - in the Markets, New Lodge and North Queen Street areas. Meanwhile, a bonfire has been rebuilt close to the New Lodge flats, on Queen Street in north Belfast, despite weeks of efforts to remove pallets and other bonfire material from the neighbourhood. 
Blue badge holders should park in Ysgol Uwchradd Bodedern, with a system in place to bring people to and from the Maes. 
"With Cookie still in the job, I know what he said, but he could change his mind and carry on. So I think it's unfair to comment on that," he says. "But he's done a great job, got some talented players there at the moment and I think the focus with Wales at the moment will be just winning those next four games and getting to the World Cup." "Teams are very much a shadow of the manager and I think this Welsh team is, knowing Chris as well I do, because he is larger than life, he is a great character, a great person to be around, but also a serious football man." But the success and all-consuming nature of his playing career means he is happy to spend some time away from the sport's firing line. I've just completed my first year without football and it's been good," he says. "I think the pressure you put yourself under, be it as a player or a coach, that pressure's sort of come off. "I'm exactly where I was last summer, more or less got the next six months planned but, with the chance if a club does come in and want to talk, then I can do that." "It's brilliant I can step out because I was two years as a coach, you're constantly putting yourself under pressure, you're always thinking how you can improve the team, so to step away from it and be a bit more relaxed, you can look at things in a different way. 
Fifteen people, including the bombers, died and more than 35 were injured in the attacks at a mosque and house of vigilante leader, they said. Our correspondent says the attacks in Maiduguri, the capital of Borno state, come as the military says it is winning the war against Boko Haram. In June, the military's headquarters were moved to the city as President Buhari wanted to centralise operations against the militants. 
He made his Black Cats debut in last season's FA Cup defeat by League One side Bradford City. 
The descriptions of the grey smog that's hung over the city get more and more extreme: "Airmageddon", the "Airpocalypse". On Tuesday, 103 factories were ordered to shut down, and a third of government cars ordered off the roads to combat what was already being described as the worst January smog since 1954. The difficult bit is how to change the path China is on. On the plus side, then, there is a growing realisation things have to change, and the media are now being allowed to debate the issue. On the minus side, that "control target" still means China's energy use will continue to expand, and, crucially, so will the burning of coal. And as if to prove that changing China's habits will be hard, there is another worry on the immediate horizon. But the office in charge of Beijing's firework industry has said that residents can set off fireworks during the Spring Festival holiday according to the regulations, but that the office hopes residents will refrain from doing so, the China Daily reported. 
Despite their differences over Brexit and the legacy of the Troubles, the DUP and Sinn Féin maintained remarkable discipline after first the UUP, then the SDLP decided to leave the executive. For different reasons, both the DUP and Sinn Féin are keen on widening the battleground. Should the mandatory coalition, whereby all the major parties have a right to be in government, be abandoned in favour of a more conventional voluntary coalition? It seems hard to imagine that the DUP and Sinn Féin won't emerge again as the main players. Could a shift in opinion, for example, endanger the DUP's power to veto measures without requiring the assistance of other parties, for which 30 MLAs are required? 
"We need to inform women that everyone is unique and that variation in appearance is normal in the vast majority of cases," she said. The RCOG paper recommends that women should be offered counselling and psychological treatment for problems such as "body image distress". The paper says: "Education, support and advice should be at the heart of clinical practice, with a sympathetic appreciation of female body insecurities." In another paper, published by the British Society for Paediatric and Adolescent Gynaecology (BritSPAG), clinicians are advised to inform girls under 18 that labiaplasty surgery before puberty is complete can lead to long-term problems. The paper also recommends that girls showing signs of psychological problems should be referred to a paediatric clinical psychologist. He also said he had seen the number of patients requesting labiaplasty increase dramatically in the past few years. 
And that, to be sure, is exactly what the attackers in Zaventem airport and the Brussels subway meant to do. But the next task is to avoid having the wedge that the terrorist exploded into our society be driven deeper and steadier by angry citizens. The work that lies in front of us is wide-ranging, but it should involve us all. It is easier to formulate the mission than to execute it, but we know that we cannot move forward without starting, immediately, by building a consensus around that mission, in order to make the reaction to these attacks inclusive instead of divisive. The first priority of our governments - and we have lots of them in little Belgium - is to guarantee an effective security for all citizens, with all the resources that takes. The unity we need embraces disagreement, because the society we need and want to defend is democratic, pluralistic and diverse. We might understand today that ugly prejudices seep through the fissures that the attacks created in the social fabric, but tomorrow people of all persuasions and inspirations should join hands to mend both the fissures and the prejudices. We urgently need new scaffolding to repair the bombed bridges and to reconstruct a (better) way of living together. That is what Belgium, and the whole world, needs. 
The station said attempts to catch the culprit had so far failed and some listeners had complained "their children have started humming the song". He said: "We have had calls from people who have found it hilarious, while some have raised their concerns, including our competitors, and a lot of people in the industry are aghast at how difficult it is to stop these people. "The first time we reported it to the police, but they said they would have to catch him in the act. 
In an interview with the Chilean newspaper La Tercera in April, Mr Teillier said his party had approved the failed attempt against Gen Pinochet's life and other armed operations in the 1980s. 
Mossack Fonseca's El Salvador branch was able to provide "back office" functions for the firm's clients all over the world, according to a document posted on Twitter by the attorney general's office. 
Analysts say the IAEA suspects Iran of experimenting with explosives capable of triggering a nuclear weapon at Parchin. The West suspects Iran of trying to develop a nuclear weapon but Iranian leaders insist they only want atomic energy. 
The program, designed to make voting easier for disabled residents, is part of a five-county pilot in the north-western state. The pilot program is intended to replace older tools designed for accessible voting in Oregon, often laptops with modifications that were stored in two suitcases. Apple donated five iPads for the scheme, and the state spent about $75,000 (Â£46,700) to develop the necessary software. 
Waiting times, the inability to make an appointment, as well as drug and alcohol problems are some of the factors which prevent people from accessing health services, the report said. "We know that around 30% of people who are homeless saw their health get worse in the past 12 months and that many of them face barriers to accessing a range of health services that could have prevented that deterioration from happening." A Welsh Government spokesman said: "We continue to work closely with Public Health Wales, health boards, local authorities and homelessness organisations to ensure appropriate services are planned and delivered to meet the health needs of homeless people and those at risk of homelessness." 
The right-armer took 199 wickets at an average of 32.38 in 63 first-class appearances for Sussex. On the advice of the club's medical staff, I have decided not to pursue my first-class cricketing career," he said. 
He has been named in the England Lions squad for their winter tour of the UAE. 
The former Manchester United trainee joins on a three-year deal at Brighton. 
Campaigners have said that provisions for protecting net neutrality in the existing text of the rules are too vague and many worry that it will be easy for internet firms to strike deals with content providers which may not be advantageous for everyone. It is thought that many MEPs would have been reluctant to begin a process of amending the regulation given that it might have delayed another aspect of the rules - the abolition of mobile data roaming charges. There was also the issue of how laws in the Netherlands, Slovenia and Finland - which all have special net neutrality protections in place - would be affected. Michael Theurer, a liberal German MEP described the outcome as "regrettable" and added that he felt the regulations as passed do not include a clear definition of net neutrality to inform regulators. Prior to the vote, the inventor of the world wide web Sir Tim Berners-Lee and a host of tech companies had expressed their support for the amendments and urged MEPs to vote them through. The idea that data should be ferried from place to place as quickly as possible, regardless of what it is, is how most people assume the internet works. "As the text currently stands there is no indication as to how much abuse of dominance would be permissible under this arrangement," he told the BBC. And a string of tech companies signed a letter to the president of the European Parliament, Martin Schulz, asking MEPs to adopt the amendments. 
Astronomers working on the Gaia space telescope have released a first tranche of data recording the position and brightness of over a billion stars. Its goal was to update and extend the work of a previous satellite from the 1980s/90s called Hipparcos. It mapped the precise position, brightness, distance and proper motion (that sideways movement on the sky) of 100,000 stars. Gaia's imperative - To work out how far it is to the nearest stars It is a function of the leap in technology, of course. This angle is equivalent to the size of a euro coin on the Moon as seen from Earth. By studying the way Gaia's stars appear to wobble on the sky, it should be possible to infer the gravitational presence of orbiting worlds. "Gaia is going to be extremely useful for exoplanets, and especially systems that have the Jupiter kind of planets," said Esa's Gaia project scientist, Timo Prusti. If this measurement is combined with the stars' proper motion, it will lay bare the dynamics of the Milky Way. At the outset of the mission, scientists had hoped to get radial velocity data on about 150 million stars. The longer the mission runs, they believe, the closer Gaia will get to its target of 150 million radial velocity measurements - and that movie. 
The company, at the heart of Japan's industrial development for decades, is still recovering from revelations in 2015 that profits were overstated for seven years. That accounting scandal led to the resignation of the company's chief executive. In a statement on Thursday, Toshiba said it was still assessing the scale of the writedown. 
In a three-minute exchange with reporters in Warsaw, Mr Trump aired a wide range of his usual grievances - against the US media, his presidential predecessor and the US intelligence community. That's a lot of time he did nothing about it." Mr Trump is referencing a line in that same Washington Post article, from a senior Obama official who felt the US government didn't do enough to punish Russia for what appeared to be a brazen attempt to destabilise the US election. There's a certain amount of irony that Mr Trump would highlight this anonymous remark, given how frequently he and his aides have condemned reliance on anonymous sources in news stories critical of his own administration. Trump: "He thought Hillary Clinton was going to win the election and he said let's not do anything about it. Anthony: The Washington Post article reported that Mr Obama decided not to go public with the evidence of Russian involvement because of concerns that it might provoke further Russian action, reveal US intelligence-gathering resources or be cited by Mr Trump as evidence that Democrats were "rigging" the US election against him, an accusation he was regularly making in the closing days of the presidential campaign It's a charge that is impossible to prove, of course - but it allows Mr Trump once again to bask in the unexpected nature of his presidential triumph. Mr Trump brings this up because of New York Times and Associated press reports that all 17 agencies had signed off on the conclusion that Russia had meddled in the 2016 US election. Anthony: It seems like it wouldn't take too much "heavy research" for the administration to discover the findings of its own intelligence apparatus, but the president is correct that the New York Times and Associated Press have corrected their initial reports. Anthony: During the Republican primary campaign Mr Trump frequently criticised George W Bush and members of his administration for launching the Iraq War based on the faulty conclusion that Saddam Hussein was pursuing a chemical, biological or nuclear weapons programme. At the time it was considered remarkable that a Republican candidate would break with party orthodoxy on the merits of the military operation. Anthony: It was probably inevitable that Mr Trump would be asked to comment about Sunday's CNN-wrestling tweet, and he took the opportunity to take another swipe at the US cable news network. Such an action is well outside of the power of a US president, but the New York Times did note that Mr Trump isn't without his own "leverage" over CNN, as his administration is currently reviewing whether to let the network's parent company, Time Warner, merge with telecommunications giant AT&T. 
One of the nations that pulled out was Bermuda. They remember discussions on the island about boycotting, but no decision was made and the athletes made their way to Scotland. However, the Bermuda Olympic Association (BOA) - the governing body of the team - was still considering what to do. According to team manager John Morbey, this was one of the reasons given behind the team's eventual withdrawal. "The night before the opening ceremony, a teammate and I caught a taxi and we went to a disco," recalls Trott, who was looking forward to his first Commonwealth Games having competed in the 1984 Olympics. Trott and Ruberry woke up on 24 July, the day of the opening ceremony, with no idea what was going on. By the time he had reached the pool, Ruberry knew it was all in vain. Adventurer Mark Beaumont reports on the Queen's Baton Relay as it makes its way to 70 nations and territories of the Commonwealth. He returned to the pool for the 1988 Olympics, and now works as a swimming coach on the island. 
Her lawyer in the US, Harland Braun, has said that Ms Del Castillo is prepared to talk to the authorities "if we receive proper information and credentials". On Wednesday, Ms Del Castillo sought an injunction in Mexico to prevent her arrest. Ms Del Castillo and Guzman exchanged dozens of messages before she and Sean Penn met him in northern Mexico. She would have been involved in money laundering if she had received money from Guzman for her business, explained Ms Gomez. 
Firefighters said five vehicles were involved in the incident, with the casualties taken to hospital. 
And this weekend he could have no bigger stage to prove it, as Barcelona travel to Real Madrid for the first Clasico of the season. Same song, different name and, although he obviously did not mean it in this way, the goal felt like a symbolic moment with Neymar delivering an emphatic message to the watching world: 'Forget Messi. Neymar's electrifying performances over the past few weeks have attracted considerable attention in Spain and Albert Masnou, the deputy editor of Barcelona-based newspaper Sport, believes he is playing better than Ronaldo. Now he is capable of leading the team when Messi's not there, and we are seeing his full potential." It's nice to see a Brazilian continuing to make history and I think he can be the greatest in the world." Messi is, quite simply, the man around whom the Catalans have built their team, and when he is on the pitch the primary function of the other 10 players is to service him. Others - and there is perhaps no better example than Neymar - have accepted that role and made the most out of playing for Messi first, the team second and themselves third. "Neymar has been the king for two months but he knows that when Messi is there, the leader is Messi." Neymar is widely regarded in Barcelona as the heir apparent: the player lined up to become the team's focal point when Messi has retired or entered into decline. 
UK doctors have said there is no accepted cure and Charlie should be allowed to die with dignity. The judge will analyse medical evidence at a hearing in the Family Division as Charlie's parents seek to keep him on life support at London's Great Ormond Street hospital. He was admitted to Great Ormond Street in October after developing aspiration pneumonia and was diagnosed with mitochondrial depletion syndrome - a condition that causes progressive muscle weakness. "We continue to support them in every way we can, while advocating, what we believe, is best for Charlie." 
That fell slightly short of the first episode of series two, which launched in 2015 to 7.6 million. The debut episode of the first series, shown in 2013, pulled in 6.8 million. 
The letter concluded by asking for confirmation from Network Rail and the Environment Agency that a solution  "acceptable to the region as a whole" to stop flooding at Cowley Bridge was found as soon as possible. Mr Gallop said Network Rail fully recognised the importance of rail services to the South West economy and a looking for a solution was a priority. 
It is inevitable that over the coming months, April's stamp duty changes will take a little of the heat out of the investor market. Other surveys have suggested a pick-up in activity by landlords ahead of the stamp duty rises, but there is some disagreement among commentators over what effect this is having on the UK housing market as a whole. Lloyds is the biggest mortgage lender in the UK with 20% of the market and, like the Nationwide, uses its own home loan data. A survey is of house prices in Scotland is published by the Registers of Scotland, using a simple average of house prices. Housing market sentiment is reflected in the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics) survey of some of its members. 
He has operated a vast drug empire that has a fleet of trucks, aeroplanes and submarines, as he told Penn in the interview, conducted while Guzman was still in hiding. Actor Penn has been secretive about the circumstances around the interview, which was conducted while Guzman was being pursued by Mexican and American authorities, and how he managed to secure it in the first place. But if Mr Penn had helped Guzman in some way to avoid capture - or interfered with the authorities' efforts to find him - he could be prosecuted. Caleb Mason, a former federal prosecutor who used to work on drug-smuggling cases, said Mr Penn was unlikely to be prosecuted in Mexico, either. 
He spent six months living and working onboard the ISS, doing important experiments and learning how to wash and eat in space. 
When asked to design a community project to promote the restoration of the Ashton Gatehouse, Vicky Harrison was puzzled not to find it on a map. 
Calvin Harris has taken ill and will not be able to perform at tomorrow's show. 
Interstate 75 was closed in both directions after vehicles were flipped and tossed on to the grassy shoulder. The National Weather Service (NWS) warned of "major structure damage" in Adairsville. 
On The Andrew Marr Show Mr Lebedev said he hoped the TV channel would create jobs and be a platform to launch new talent. Mr Lebedev, 33, is a British citizen and told Andrew Marr he had been a Londoner since the age of eight. He also owns a pub, the Bunch of Grapes, in East London. 
The five men from London died in the sea at the East Sussex resort of Camber Sands in August. 
I think it's going to be a real difficult task because to win three games on the bounce is tough. "We've got Cambridge coming up who fancy getting into the play-offs, Carlisle on Saturday, and even down to the likes of Luton - there's going to be some tough games coming up for everybody." 
In the final 10 minutes both sides were awarded penalties with Ellis Harrison netting for Rovers and Paul Mullin for Morecambe, the visitors moving to 12th. 
It was a supreme defensive display from the Toffees, who had been the better attacking side in the first half. Before the break, the home side looked sluggish and were outworked by a dynamic away side. "Everyone in the stadium could see it was a penalty - it was so near to the referee and so clear," said the Chilean. "We have been on the back end of receiving a penalty, in the last seconds against Stoke," said the Spaniard. In the first half, the Toffees were patient and precise when they had the ball and hard-working when they did not. After the break, Roberto Martinez's side were firmly on the back foot and spent long spells without the ball but demonstrated discipline and commitment to limit City to only a few goalscoring chances. 
Judge Monica Gomez Ferrer, who is hearing the evidence relating to Falcao, is also overseeing the case of 32-year-old Portugal captain Ronaldo, and is scheduled to question him on 31 July over allegations he illegally evaded 14.7m euros (£13m) in taxes. Coentrao, the 29-year-old Portugal international, is accused of having hidden close to 1.3m euros (£1.15m) from the tax authorities. 
Mr Hedges said he was "shocked to the core" to witness the conditions in large parts of the UK. Campbell Robb, Shelter's chief executive, said that while the slums had disappeared, the UK was "in the midst of another housing crisis" and called on the government to provide more support to vulnerable families. 
The Met Office said icy patches were expected on untreated surfaces, with slippery conditions on pavements and cycle paths possible. 
There were not thought to have been any passengers on board the coaches. 
Even in male-dominated areas such as IT and engineering, women are proportionally more likely to succeed once they decide to apply, the survey found. But in the field of law the reverse is true - 63% of students are female but only 58% of the graduate scheme posts go to women. Graduate employers are making efforts to boost the numbers of women they hire, the research found. 
Conteh played for Guinean side Ashanti Golden Boys de Siguiri and had received several call-ups to Sierra Leone's squad but was yet to secure a place in the international side's first team. "Conteh was not impressive in the last day of training because something was wrong with him," Sierra Leone's coach John Keister told BBC Sport. I always liked him because he was humble and always good to be around the Leone Stars team. God knows best but this is so scary after a month when I was with you in the Leone Stars camp." "He was a talented goalkeeper and it is a great loss for Sierra Leone. 
Raymond McCord is seeking a judicial review and lodged the papers at the High Court in Belfast on Thursday. Mr McCord became involved with the rights of victims of the Troubles after his son was murdered. 
Last year Dumfries and Galloway Council refused to release the details following a BBC Scotland news website Freedom of Information request. 
Analysts and investors have been concerned about the firm's ability to generate revenue from users that access the website on their mobile devices. That does not bode well for Facebook, as advertising revenue is one of the biggest contributors to its income. 
Match ends, Colchester United 0, Burton Albion 3. Second Half ends, Colchester United 0, Burton Albion 3. Corner,  Burton Albion. Mark Duffy (Burton Albion) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Corner,  Burton Albion. Corner,  Burton Albion. Colchester United 0, Burton Albion 3. Lucas Akins (Burton Albion) left footed shot from the right side of the box to the bottom left corner. Colchester United 0, Burton Albion 2. Second Half begins Colchester United 0, Burton Albion 1. First Half ends, Colchester United 0, Burton Albion 1. Corner,  Burton Albion. Mark Duffy (Burton Albion) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Colchester United 0, Burton Albion 1. Corner,  Burton Albion. 
It's just a case of 'we've got to get ourselves back in that top division'. "Liverpool became a bit of a fortress for us in 2011 but having the home comforts of the new stadium, which is a fantastic facility and a lovely place to be, has probably really helped to settle the side. "They've started to create the same feeling that we had at Liverpool in 2011, in that it becomes a difficult place to play. It was a big moment for the club because an awful lot of work had been done to get to that stage. "Simon is probably  The times I've seen him, he's looked very fluent and has scored a great volume of runs. "I got the chance to play with Ashwell and I know what a determined performer he is. You'll very rarely put them into a situation that they've not played out before, so they can play lots of different roles and also complement the other guys in the team." With a trio of bowlers claiming more than 50 wickets apiece and runs coming from throughout the team, Lancashire are worthy of promotion in 2013." The important thing for him is to keep his body in a good shape so that he can go out and demonstrate those skills. "I've done it myself - if you can bat a long time, see off the new ball and bat out that first session, you're setting a platform for the team to get big runs. 
"They are not in a great position, that is an obvious thing for me to say. Wright admits it would be "disappointing" for Saints to lose one of their Tayside rivals out of the league. "Rangers or Hibs would probably be an automatic replacement but everybody wants to see the top clubs in the league on merit." "I'm sure they are wanting them down just to get the bragging rights in the city. "The atmosphere in the games is brilliant for players and it makes you more determined and you want to win them. 
What they wanted to see, he says, was whether Iran was ready to seriously engage and, if that happened, there might be another round of talks in four to six weeks time. The P5+1 hope eventually to persuade Iran to reduce its enrichment of uranium and fully open up its nuclear facilities to inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). Since then, the IAEA expressed concern that Iran had failed to co-operate with its inspectors and had carried out activities "relevant to the development of a nuclear explosive device". Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said he would never allow Israelis to "live in the shadow of annihilation", and hinted his country is ready to strike Iran's nuclear facilities if diplomacy does not work soon. 
Stephen Port was charged with four counts of murder last year but the new allegations relate to eight living complainants. Some of the charges relate to the deaths of: 
The plane crashed in the French Alps on March 24 with 150 people on board. On 26 March, French investigators said information from the cockpit voice recorder (CVR) found at the crash zone revealed that Mr Lubitz had taken over the controls of the plane and sent it into a dive intentionally. 
The Old Trafford club failed to qualify for Europe's premier club competition last season but its return to Champions League competition has seen a big leap in matchday and broadcast revenues. During the quarter, the club also brought the management of its Old Trafford Megastore in-house and signed a licensing deal with South Korean footwear brand Sbenu. There was a negative impact from the sales of players Angel Di Maria, Robin van Persie and Nani, which was partly offset by the profit made on the sale of Javier Hernandez. 
Mr Tsipras pledged new jobs and a rise in the minimum wage. But Greece's creditors have made it clear they will not support a bailout for the country unless there is a comprehensive plan to reduce spending and increase revenues. In the interview, Mr Barroso pointed out that there were poorer countries lending money to Greece who would not support the idea of Greece's debts being written off. "It was not Germany or any other member of the EU that created the problems in Greece - the problems in Greece are structural: low productivity and previous governments." Nations such as Ireland, Portugal and Spain had come back from the financial brink and Mr Barroso said Greece could do the same: "There is nothing regarding Greece that prevents it being successful, but... bad politics have created a lot of problems for Greece." 
Organisers passed a motion on Saturday not to invite Malcolm Turnbull, who was the first sitting prime minister to attend the last gay pride event. Mr Turnbull, a supporter of marriage equality, backed his party's calls to allow a national vote on the issue. Cat Rose, who put forward the motion at the Mardi Gras parade's annual general meeting, accused Mr Turnbull of using last year's event as a "media opportunity". 
The men, aged 25 and 52, were arrested at the scene. 
Foul by Edinson Cavani (Paris Saint Germain). Layvin Kurzawa (Paris Saint Germain) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Thiago Silva (Paris Saint Germain) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Javier Pastore (Paris Saint Germain) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Hatem Ben Arfa (Paris Saint Germain) wins a free kick on the right wing. Corner,  Paris Saint Germain. Paris Saint Germain 1, Nancy 0. Edinson Cavani (Paris Saint Germain) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner. Corner,  Paris Saint Germain. Substitution, Paris Saint Germain. Thiago Silva (Paris Saint Germain) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Paris Saint Germain. Corner,  Paris Saint Germain. Javier Pastore (Paris Saint Germain) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Thiago Silva (Paris Saint Germain) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
"[We] committed to targets that were away from holes, knowing I'm in the lead and knowing the putter is getting hotter each putt I hit. 
I am pleased to be in a position to announce the first three projects to be supported." "Therefore, as well as approving the three projects to be advanced through to a detailed business case, I am announcing that a second call for projects will open in September this year. 
It said the Sirocco site and a site near the new Ulster University campus have "emerged as early favourites". It has said land to the rear of Belfast Central Library, a site north of Great Patrick Street or the stalled Royal Exchange development could all be suitable. 
According to Cancer Research UK, black women are less likely than white women to go for a mammogram when invited by the NHS. Heather Nelson, who works for BME Cancer Voice, said: "Women, especially women of colour, are less likely to go for screening. Lumps are not the only sign of possible breast cancer. The NHS is in the process of extending the programme as a trial, offering screening to some women aged 47-73. 
I didn't see. I didn't see the masks." "He's not in good form now and I wanted to stimulate him," said the Italian. "I didn't see him do well during the training sessions and he must give more for the team. 
A 16-year-old-boy, understood to be Syrian, has also been charged with sexual assault. Mr Alfrouh has also been charged with sexually assaulting a second 14-year-old girl, to which he has pleaded not guilty. 
The 32-year-old midfielder had trained alone or with the club's under-23s since Jose Mourinho was appointed United boss in the summer. He was named in United's Premier League squad for this season, but left out of their Europa League squad. With Ander Herrera banned, Schweinsteiger is an option for United's Premier League trip to Swansea. 
Radovan Krejcir was arrested on Friday at his home in Johannesburg on a charge of kidnap and assault. Police are accused of taking him to an open field where he was "allegedly shocked with a taser and a plastic bag was placed over his head to suffocate him", Ipid said in a statement. The High Court in Johannesburg ordered that Krejcir be transferred to hospital after his doctor testified that his injuries were consistent with those of someone who had been assaulted. In his ruling, Judge Ramarumo Monama said the doctor was a credible witness. 
"I've had years of great pride in which I have given my body and soul," he said. 
The victim's solicitor said the payout was believed to be one of the biggest by a British force in a privacy case. In a witness statement, the woman, who agreed to an out-of-court settlement, said she "felt betrayed by GMP". The claimant has to establish they have a reasonable expectation of privacy in relation to the information concerned, and that privacy has been breached. The media can argue the claimant's right to privacy is outweighed by the right to freedom of expression and that there is a public interest in publishing. She can't put the genie back in the bottle and it's something that she is going to have to live with for the rest of her life". 
She made amends for that poor display with a personal best 22.79 secs in the 200m, which pulled her closer to Canada's world silver medallist Theisen-Eaton. And despite a poor display in the shot, her weakest event, Johnson-Thompson will take heart that she achieved her best heptathlon score of 6682 points in Gotzis two years ago, when her total after the opening day was also 3923. The long jump, javelin and 800m remain on Sunday but fellow Brit Morgan Lake - adrift of her personal bests in all four events on the first day - is likely to fall short of the total needed for Rio. 
Lifeboat helm Alan Owen said the man was "coughing heavily" by the time they got him to the beach "which is a clear sign of salt water ingestion". 
A ceremony, attended by PM Shinzo Abe, was held at Hiroshima's memorial park before thousands of lanterns are released on the city's Motoyasu river. But it claimed the lives of at least 140,000 people in the city. In Hiroshima a bell tolled at 08:15 local time - when the US aircraft dropped the bomb that flattened the city centre. Later in the day, thousands of paper lanterns will be released on the city's Motoyasu River - symbolising the journey to the afterlife of those who died. 
The company formed a partnership with the Chartered Institute of Waste Management and homelessness service StreetLink to raise awareness of the issue of people sleeping in bins. The organisations carried out research last year that showed that 28 of the 176 waste management organisations surveyed reported finding people sheltering in bins over the previous 12 months. 
At the hearing in Pretoria, Judge Thokozile Masipa said the petition had no reasonable prospect of success. 
The path, which is carved into black basalt cliffs, was an engineering triumph - it's connected by a network of walkways and bridges - the most iconic of which was the tubular bridge. Post-war austerity spelt decline for the 1.5 mile walkway and it was closed to the public in the 1950s. While health and safety is more of a concern nowadays some things have not changed, including the steep walk down to the starting point - a hole through rock known as Wise's eye. Before starting the Gobbins experience, visitors are given a safety briefing and a hard hat in the visitors centre, it's then on to a minibus for the two-mile journey to the path. This attraction has created some much needed employment in the area and one of the tour guides is Robert Stewart, a local farmer who has decided to try something new. "It is something that you could bring visitors from anywhere in the world to and be very proud of the quality of the tourism offering," he said. 
It leaves them 12 points adrift at the bottom of the table, with a maximum of 10 points on offer from their final two matches. Wasps were far from at their best, on the back foot for much of the game, but have restored their five-point lead at the top and need one win from their last two to secure a home semi-final in the play-offs. "We have the infrastructure at Ashton Gate to be a Premiership team - we're not going to be next year, but hopefully the supporters will still watch us in that league. "It was a similar story to a lot of games - we've created an awful lot, we've been in the opposition 22 many times but we've just not executed and got across the line. "We give Wasps an opportunity and they score tries, it's as simple as that - that's the difference in the level we need to get to. "We were down and beaten in the second half but we played right until the very end of the game - I expect that from them in the next two games." 
About half of Italians do not want the country to take in more people, pollster Renato Mannheimer told Reuters news agency. Italy is accommodating rising numbers of migrants because countries to the north have tightened their borders and some EU states have refused to take part in a plan to relocate 160,000 people from Italy and Greece. An estimated 40% of the migrants in Italy have a valid claim to asylum or leave to remain on humanitarian grounds, AFP news agency reported. 
After beating Djibouti 2-0 in their opening Group C game on Monday it puts South Sudan in line to qualify for the quarter-finals of the tournament. 
The Direct Energie rider took advantage of a lapse in concentration from Team Sky's Nicolas Roche to beat the Irishman in a sprint finish. It was Voeckler who clung on the to back of Roche as the Team Sky sprinter attacked again in the descent into Scarborough. "It was difficult to follow the attack of Team Sky at the climbs, so I decided on a little more patience. 
Second Half ends, Maidstone United 2, Torquay United 1. Substitution, Maidstone United. Substitution, Maidstone United. Maidstone United 2, Torquay United 1. Maidstone United 1, Torquay United 1. Maidstone United 1, Torquay United 0. 
Research from the Institute for Policy Studies found that in 2014, bonuses paid to Wall Street employees had been double the annual pay earned by all Americans who worked full-time at the federal minimum wage. For example, the bonuses in the UK finance and insurance sector were shared between more than a million employees - considerably more than on Wall Street. They would no longer be earning minimum wage, so the total amount paid to workers on the minimum wage would fall considerably and as a result the amount paid out in bonuses would be a higher multiple of it. 
The Scottish government said the welfare of officers and support staff was taken "very seriously". The shortages are affecting the health of officers and civilian staff and these new figures are a huge concern. The changes that the SNP forced through are stretching the mental health of officers and civilian staff to breaking point. The spokesman added: "They have a number of targeted activities to support wellbeing and occupational health across the organisation. 
Current Yes keyboardist Geoff Downes tweeted: "Utterly devastated beyond words to have to report the sad news of the passing of my dear friend, bandmate and inspiration Chris Squire." "It's with the heaviest of hearts and unbearable sadness that we must inform you of the passing of our dear friend and Yes co-founder, Chris Squire," a statement on the band's official Facebook page said. Squire, who was born in Kingsbury, north-west London, was the only member of the group to feature on every studio album. John Petrucci, founding member and guitarist for American progressive metal band Dream Theater, tweeted: "Thank you for all of the amazing music Chris Squire. 
"Whether you are a kit man, doctor or secretary on the bench you have to understand the game. After Oscar's opener, Andre Ayew equalised on his Swansea debut but the visitors only held on for 95 seconds before Federico Fernandez scored an unfortunate own goal to gift Chelsea a 2-1 lead. "In one minute, it was a penalty, red card and the goal. "If you have 10 men and are winning you can defend well and try to find a strategy but to play with 10 men and try to win the game is more difficult. 
One of the best known offbeat names on Chinese social media is a condom company called "Uncle Niu". English names can seem pretty strange in Chinese too, and there's a cottage industry among branding agencies to help western companies come up with names for the Chinese market. "What we think is most important to come up with a name that captures the spirit of the brand," says Tait Lawton, from Nanjing Marketing Group, which provides naming services. Western companies sometimes try to phonetically replicate the original, or come up with a Chinese name that's fairly neutral in meaning. Others will come up with a new name that tries other ways of encapsulating the brand. The sound is 'bao ma', starting with a B and M. Plus, it's short. 
Edinburgh Chamber of Commerce, Marketing Edinburgh and universities and colleges in the region have also leant their support to the deal. The joint working of public, private and the third sector is crucial to the success of this deal." 
The plant made 500,000 cars last year, making it the biggest car plant in the UK, according to Nissan. This was the highest production since 2008, the year of the financial crisis that sparked a deep recession in the UK. 
The US and China - together responsible for 40% of the world's carbon emissions - both formally joined the Paris global climate agreement earlier this month. 
The St Paul's Primary School pupil was taken to hospital with serious injuries and died a short time later. 
However she added that she "deeply appreciated the work of the authorities in Afghanistan whose support and assistance facilitated (Ms Wilson's) release". 
In the past few months, the government has struggled to pay civil servants' wages including those of soldiers, teachers and health workers. The delay led to one of the biggest strikes the country has witnessed in years, in July. 
Japan, who left Kingsholm to a standing ovation after a lap of honour, host the competition in four years' time and will go into that tournament buoyed by an excellent World Cup on English soil. Japan are the first non-tier-one team to win three matches at a single Rugby World Cup. Full-back Ayumu Goromaru is the first player to score more than 50 points in a single RWC campaign for Japan. Eric Fry became the seventh player to get a yellow card for the USA in a RWC match. 
The Dons have not disclosed the length of his contract at Kingsmeadow. 
Henry Ramos Allup, 72, will be the first opposition politician to lead the National Assembly in 16 years following a landslide victory in legislative elections on 6 December. He is expected to be formally confirmed in the post when the lawmakers take up their seats. Mr Ramos Allup said the MUD opposition coalition, which won a two-thirds majority in the National Assembly, would show Venezuelans "a more democratic way forward". 
In a statement released through their lawyer Aamer Anwar, the Mahmood family said they were "full of horror and anger that their daughter may have had a role to play in the recruitment of these young girls to Isis". They also sent a message to Aqsa: "You are a disgrace to your family and the people of Scotland, your actions are a perverted and evil distortion of Islam. They also said she was brought up "with love and affection in a happy home" and appealed for her to come home. 
Eight Type 26 frigates are due to be built on the Clyde, but the UK government has not announced a timescale for the project. Mr O'Hara told MPs: "It would be an unforgivable betrayal of the Clyde workers if they were the ones that had to pay the price of Brexit, but also the price of Trident." "We are negotiating a deal that aims to optimise the requirements of the Royal Navy in terms of the capability the ships will deliver, to achieve value for money for defence and the taxpayer, and to deliver a build schedule that drives performance. 
Earlier on Saturday, two people were taken to hospital following a crash at the same junction between a vehicle towing a horsebox and a motorbike. 
"The National is an extraordinary place full of extraordinary people and I look forward with relish to the task ahead," Norris said. Sir Nicholas will have spent 12 years as the National Theatre's director when he hands over to Norris in 2015. He said his successor would be "welcomed with great excitement both within the National and in the theatre at large". He added: "His work as a director is always searching, deeply considered and adventurous and I have no doubt he will bring these qualities to the running of the National." Norris said his new role was "a great privilege and I will attack that with gusto", adding he would like to "cast the net wider" in terms of who would perform at the theatre. He is the first former actor as well as non-Oxbridge graduate to be appointed since Sir Laurence Olivier, who was the National's first artistic director in 1963. He is an exciting choice, someone who will build on the National Theatre's present reputation as one of the most admired and innovative performing arts organisations in the world. When asked by the BBC's Arts Editor Will Gompertz whether he thought his acting past would also bring a different flavour to the institution, Norris laughed: "It's an interesting question and one I had not anticipated at all, because to compare me as an actor with Laurence Olivier is one of the funniest things I've heard in a long time." Nick Starr, the theatre's executive director since 2002, also announced he would be leaving the NT during 2014, leading to a phased handover of the top jobs. 
"If we were to build a ship this size, new at the moment, we'd be looking around £25m-£30m," said Mr Payne, secretary of the Liverpool and North Wales Steam Ship Company. Mr Payne is confident the new limited company can meet the health and safety requirements necessary to allow The Endeavour leave her berth in Liverpool's Canada Dock again. 
The firm told a judicial review it did not accept the discharge of final treated effluent had degraded the quality of Llyn Padarn at Llanberis. 
To make up the shortfall, he set up a scholarship fund that would take young bright Africans to the US and Canada. Barack Obama Senior was the first African student to study at the University of Hawaii. We stood in the family's small graveyard, next to the grave of Barack Obama Senior. He was minister of economic development and planning but the motive for his killing remains a mystery. As a sign of his global significance he had appeared on the cover of Time magazine, the first Kenyan to have done so. She replied in a quiet, confident voice: "My father could not have known that by helping one person to go to school, he was going to change the lives of so many people. "Barack Obama has achieved a lot personally and it's great that he is the president of the United States. Mr Obama Senior, who also graduated from Harvard, returned to Kenya in 1968 and eventually worked for the government as an economist. 
The teenagers allege that before returning to Tehran from the Umra, or lesser Islamic pilgrimage, in March they were abused by security officials at Jeddah airport. On Saturday, hundreds of people protested outside the Saudi embassy in Tehran and demanded that the Iranian government "end the unnecessary Umra". 
Meanwhile, Iraq's army continued an offensive to retake the northern city of Tikrit from the Isis-led rebels. In a separate development, Israel called for the creation of an independent Kurdish state in response to the gain made by the Sunni rebels in Iraq. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (Isis) announced the establishment of the caliphate in an audio recording posted on the internet on Sunday. Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the group said, would become the leader of the state and would be known as "Caliph Ibrahim". The international community, including neighbouring Turkey and the US, remains opposed to the breakup of Iraq. 
But after my first professional fight, when I got booed, I thought to myself: 'Right, this ain't all glitz and glamour. Pro boxing's not just a sport, it's a business - the hardest business in the world." But three years into his paid career he was all but washed up and never fought for a pro title. And still does, it's just that he momentarily lost it along the way. "In the end it was so easy for me as an amateur," says Gavin, who missed out on the 2008 Olympics after failing to make the weight but remains the only British boxer to win a world amateur title. "I won my last 50 fights, everything was done for me at GB Boxing in Sheffield and when you're part of a team you can help each other. "I took my family up to Manchester and it was all right for a bit," says the 28-year-old. "But when I split up from my girlfriend I was doing it all on my own. "I remember almost falling over in front of one trainer," says Gavin, "and he said: 'I'm glad you didn't go over, that might have been my investment gone, my 10%.' "I was on the brink of giving it all up. It's a hard enough game without all that so you need to know you've got the right people around you. "I got complacent because it all seemed too easy again, starting out in the pro ranks," says Gavin. "During the build-up I was a bit too vocal, telling him he was ugly and his breath smelt. "I read and hear people saying I'm flash and cocky and it does hurt a bit. But the people who know me realise I'm a genuine, humble, down-to-earth boy." I love boxing, but it's hard, it's a short career and I want to get paid as much as I can and get out with my faculties intact. 
It's a bit different to your average lunchbox in the UK. 
The 33-year-old made his Ulster debut in 2008 and has scored 745 points in 113 appearances for the Kingspan Stadium team. 
Pacheco, 17, has made three appearances this season for Liverpool, who are fifth in the WSL One table. 
O'Brien's dismissal by Australian international Ben Cutting sparked a collapse in the Irish ranks, as Joyce followed shortly after. Stuart Thompson had Henry caught behind by O'Brien, before Stirling bowled Scott Bazley with the last ball of the day as Queensland finished 18 runs adrift. 
Both spent loan spells at rival Championship clubs during the 2015-16 season and have not travelled on the Bluebirds' pre-season tour to Germany. Le Fondre, 29, signed from Reading on a three-year deal in May 2014 but has scored only three goals in 23 league appearances for the club. "All I can say is we are looking to add a couple of new faces and to add to the group. 
Mr Haigh has been accused of fraud by the Dubai-based group and is currently in custody while authorities decide whether to pursue a criminal case. A GFH Capital spokesman said: "GFH cannot and will not comment on such general allegations, and is concerned about Mr Haigh's protestations of being unable to engage with the claim against him while apparently being able to brief the media at will." The allegations were contained in a dossier compiled by Mr Haigh "about GFH's professional conduct and practices", according to a statement released on his behalf by UK-based spokesman Ian Monk. Mr Haigh told the BBC he underwent stomach surgery in the UK before flying to Dubai and remains in lots of pain and unable to eat solid foods. 
The MoD said it did not recognise figures in the report and it "ignores the benefits" for young people. Using figures presented to Parliament in 2011, the report said it cost an "estimated" £88,985 to recruit, train and pay new soldiers aged 16 and 17, compared with £42,818 for each adult recruit. But it added that under-18s who completed their training were likely to serve for an average of 10 years, compared with seven-and-a-half years for adult recruits. "I had a brilliant time, it's a good thing for young people to do and I was the youngest of my intake." 
Martin set up a tense finale and France pressed for the leveller but Ireland held firm to secure a winning start. Ireland, who need to win the tournament to ensure a place at the Rio Olympics, are back in Pool B action on Sunday against Germany. 
Three-time Olympic eventing medallist Fox-Pitt, 47, has been named in a 12-strong Team GB equestrian squad for this summer's Games. "I've come off a lot of times in my life, and in being knocked out my memory has been very selective and I've been able to put it behind me." He said the fall "affected my sight, my judgement and made me more dozy, in the beginning it was all a little bit of a dream". Another gold medallist in London, Ben Maher, joins Skelton in the jumping team along with Los Angeles 1984 silver medallist John Whitaker, who will be competing in his sixth Games. Fox-Pitt is joined in the eventing team by three Olympic debutants in Kitty King, Izzy Taylor and Gemma Tattersall. 
The inquiry team expects to view hundreds of thousands of pages of documentation relating to the scheme. It was set up to investigate the design and operation of the scheme, which at one point had a projected overspend of £490m. The inquiry will consider the delay in implementing cost controls in 2015 and allegations of political pressure to keep the scheme open at a time when applications were flooding in and the projected costs were spiralling. Mrs Foster was the minister in charge of the former Department of Enterprise Trade and Investment, which ran the scheme. 
Police said it was also reported that the windscreen of a van was smashed in Fahan Street shortly after midnight. 
On its website, CPS Enforcement Northern Ltd asks anyone who has received parking notices via email in the past dew days to disregard them. 
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page. 
Match ends, Oxford United 1, Fleetwood Town 3. Second Half ends, Oxford United 1, Fleetwood Town 3. Marvin Johnson (Oxford United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Oxford United 1, Fleetwood Town 3. Foul by David Ball (Fleetwood Town). Oxford United 1, Fleetwood Town 2. Bobby Grant (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Bobby Grant (Fleetwood Town). Cian Bolger (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Cian Bolger (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Chris Maguire (Oxford United). David Ball (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Chris Maguire (Oxford United). 
The British and Pakistani authorities have in the past expressed concerns that any arrest of Altaf Hussain could lead to violent protests in Karachi. For many years now, Altaf Hussain's MQM has had a bloc of about 20 members in the National Assembly, making him a powerful figure both in Pakistan's biggest city Karachi and in the country as a whole. As well as his solid electoral base in Karachi, Mr Hussain has a powerful party organisation in the city which is often accused of extorting money from businesses and using violence - or the threat of it - to get its way. One is looking into the question of whether in his televised speeches he has incited violence in Pakistan, charges Mr Hussain denies. The MQM is often accused of extorting money from businesses in Karachi and shipping the money to the UK, charges the party also denies. 
The skeleton belongs to a small, plant-eating dinosaur which lived 200 million years ago - at the beginning of the Jurassic Period. The analysis was carried out at the ESRF facility in Grenoble, France, and showed that the specimen was juvenile. 
BBC Online and the BBC News website launched in 1997, leaving a permanent public daily record of the news output. The process has begun in recent years with a permanent collection of Desert Island Discs and the archive collections for channels, such as BBC Four, made available to the public. The Journal of Record plans to publish a television and radio news bulletin from every day of the BBC's history, in the form of daily news broadcasts and scripts, together with the live coverage of key events. 
Corner,  Oxford United. Corner,  Oxford United. Marvin Johnson (Oxford United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the top left corner. Philip Edwards (Oxford United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Philip Edwards (Oxford United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Philip Edwards (Oxford United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Oxford United. Cheyenne Dunkley (Oxford United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner. Corner,  Oxford United. Marvin Johnson (Oxford United) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Substitution, Oxford United. Corner,  Oxford United. Ryan Ledson (Oxford United) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Robert Hall (Oxford United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
"Technically speaking, however you want to look at it, this was all my doing and I take full responsibility," said the singer, who recalled being high on drugs at the time. "If I'm walking around and I'm very modestly dressed and I'm keeping to myself and someone attacks me, then I'd say that's his fault. But if I'm being very lairy and putting it about and being provocative, then you are enticing someone who's already unhinged - don't do that. But her comments were condemned by the charity Victim Support who said that victims "should not blame themselves". "People criticising Chrissie Hynde for her comments are overlooking that she is a victim and this is self blame. While the Guardian's Hadley Freeman echoed her thoughts: "Many people seem furious with Chrissie Hynde, and I get why, but I feel pity for her. 
Mark Allison has already run across across the USA and Australia, and is now taking on the 3,400 miles from Lisbon to Istanbul. 
The magistrates hearing for Ms Riley, 22, whose address was given as West Cotton Close in Northampton, has yet to be arranged. 
The judge said there was no alternative to custody. 
There have been concerns for years that using talcum powder, particularly on the genitals, may increase the risk of ovarian cancer. The mineral talc in its natural form does contain asbestos and does cause cancer. It has been linked to a cancer risk in some studies, but there are concerns that the research may be biased as the studies often rely on people remembering how much talc they used years ago. Also, there does not seem to be a "dose-response" for talc, unlike with known carcinogens like tobacco where the more you smoke, the greater the risk of lung cancer. The charity Ovacome says there is no definitive evidence and that the worst-case scenario is that using talc increases the risk of cancer by a third. Lawyers accuse J&J of failing to warn that talc was linked to an increased risk for ovarian cancer - a claim J&J denies. 
Motorists have been told to avoid the area and traffic is being diverted onto the A48M at junction 29. 
They will be put on display in a similar way to the Bristol Zoo gorilla trail - which raised Â£427,000 for the zoo's gorilla conservation projects and Wallace and Gromit's Grand Appeal Mr Park said: "Gromit is quite well-loved and the children's hospital is very close to people's hearts in Bristol and beyond. 
In his message, PUP leader Billy Hutchinson said the party was "born out of a determination of loyalist leaders in Long Kesh to move away from the futility of conflict". But the deputy leader said he was concerned smaller parties would suffer most in a shrinking Stormont. 
Social worker Stephen Lorimer, giving evidence at the inquiry, said that the boy had been in a stable, happy placement with the foster couple who were caring for him. But the couple handed in their notice after a member of their own family became very ill, and the boy was moved to stay with Mr and Mrs McKenzie instead. Mr Lorimer also told the inquiry about an incident where the boy punched a brick wall because he was not getting his own way. 
"Indiscriminate use of force" was used by the police in the run-up to the Olympic Games in August, according to one of the organisations. "We call upon the IOC to put in place all measures necessary to avoid repeating the same pattern of violations we have seen in Rio," said Florence. The IOC cited a "number of instances" relating to the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi, Russia, where allegations were followed up with the local authorities. 
Northamptonshire Fire Service said everyone was accounted for, and that four people were treated at the scene after breathing in smoke. 
Rooney broke Sir Bobby's goal scoring record for England in 2015 and only needs one more goal to do the same for Manchester United. 
Dr Hopkins said patients in hospital currently receive support to cope with any existing addictions and the same help would be offered to smokers. She said they would be given support from the health board's smoking cessation service and smokers could be prescribed with nicotine replacement patches to help them cope during their stay. 
Tensions in the country are high following the government's decision to ban India's Daughter, a film about the 2012 gang rape of a student. India's rape crisis has been pushed back to the forefront of public discourse by the decision of the government to ban the BBC documentary India's Daughter, which examines the 2012 gang rape of a young student in Delhi. 
Andrew Wright flew 268kg (591lbs) of the drug from Germany to the UK in eight trips in his light aircraft. Having returned to the UK, Williams, 38, would collect the drugs from Wright and deliver them to gang leader, Mark Dowling, 43, in Essex. Border control officers smashed the racket in November 2014 when they found four bricks of cocaine in the boot of Wright's Porsche Cayenne and a further 30 hidden in the tail section of his plane. 
The Italian, 26, scored 15 goals in the French Ligue 1 last season as Nice finished third to reach the qualifying rounds of the Champions League. 
But the firm behind the label is now at the centre of a dispute with President Robert Mugabe's own party, Zanu-PF, as the country heads towards Saturday's referendum on a new constitution and elections expected in July. The party wants to make money from what it sees as a profitable scheme and Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa is trying to patent the R G Mugabe signature. Away from Zanu-PF events though, it is hard to find anywhere to buy the products as the company does not have an official outlet, although it says it is moving soon to a shop in central Harare. Its most recent accessory is a cap with 1924 - the year of Mr Mugabe's birth - imprinted on it, which was released in time for the president's birthday celebrations last month. "Yedu Nesu has the sole rights to market, distribute and manufacture the brand… the Robert Mugabe regalia," he said. Metropolitan hubs are the heartlands for the Movement for Democratic Change, whose leader Morgan Tsvangirai is set to challenge Mr Mugabe once more in this year's presidential election. Mr Tsvangirai's spokesman Luke Tamborinyoka told the BBC that: "The Mugabe fashion craze is a desperate attempt by his brand managers to catch the young voters. The House of Gushungo team says their business is driven by a desire to ensure Mr Mugabe's legacy, not by avarice. 
A club statement read: "Mark and the directors all agreed it would be in the interests of all parties to part company." 
"We started working together at the beginning of this year, and it's been a great year for me so far," added Hatton, who has risen a further 13 places to 55th in the world rankings. I'm going to enjoy a week off to get ready for a return to the States. "I got a lot of confidence from last week and I took it into the Open and it's great that I now don't have to try and qualify again (following his Top 10 finish) for Royal Birkdale next year." "I holed a really good par putt on the eighth after pulling it left into the bunker. Then I holed a really good par putt again on nine, and that sort of just kept the momentum going. 
The judge said it was a "terribly sad and tragic case". The Old Bailey heard he was diagnosed with a depressive condition and Asperger's syndrome in 2010. The court heard he picked up a champagne bottle and hit his sister, saying he "had to do it". 
The 31-year-old, who began his career at Celtic, joined Everton from Spartak Moscow in January 2014 and subsequently played 41 games, scoring once. 
During her successful libel case, the author said the newspaper's story was "premised on a false picture" of an article she had written 10 days earlier for single parents' charity Gingerbread. The statement concluded the newspaper allegations left the author "understandably distressed" but she was now happy to bring her libel proceedings to a close. 
Paul Tunney, the team's senior officer, said: "It's like a giant game of hide and seek but there's no-one to tell us if we're getting warmer. Working vessels are hostile environments and with it brings the risk of danger to rummagers. They have to climb in and inspect tanks, crawl into the vessel's inner structure or scale the hull walls of the cargo holds. "When we're on a vessel it is working, it is discharging and loading cargo so there are lots of things on the move," said Mr Tunney. "If we're going into a tank, we have to check the atmosphere of the tank and go in wearing breathing apparatus. Mr Tunney said: "Often we find people involved in smuggling are going on diving holidays thinking they can learn to dive and then collect drugs attached to the hull of vessels over here. 
Apart from matches held at Wembley and Twickenham, no game in the two decades of Premiership rugby has been watched by more people - and, whether old or new Wasps fans, there was plenty to warm the soul on a cold winter's day in Coventry. Shane Geraghty converted that, while Tom Homer added three penalties to keep the visitors' arrears to 18-16 at the break - but it was pretty much one-way traffic in the second half. Daly ran in on the left for try number three but it was not until the final minute that Wasps claimed their bonus point when Italy international Masi went over in the left corner. And, although the first half was pretty turgid, we've got the job done in the end." "We knew what to expect and we made a decent fist of it, but we're disappointed with the blow-out at the back end. "I don't want to take anything away from Wasps, as this was their day, but we have a frustrated group of players in the dressing room. The penalty count was 10-2 at half-time and you have to hope it levels out, but it didn't. 
The BBC's Umaru Fofana in Banjul said that thousands of people had tried to force their way into the airport to see Mr Barrow return and they burst into celebration as soon as his plane touched down. President Barrow was driven from the airport in a convoy of cars and waved to the crowds who lined the route. Mr Barrow was sworn in as president at the Gambian embassy in Senegal a week ago, but a public inauguration on home soil is planned soon, aides say. The new president has asked for the force to remain in The Gambia for six months. Mr Jammeh, who was a 29-year-old army lieutenant when he came to power in a 1994 coup, had refused to accept the results of the December election. 
The agreement includes a $100m fine and $370m in consumer relief to borrowers. 
The British team of Becky and Ellie Downie, Claudia Fragapane, Gabby Jupp and Ruby Harrold were within touching distance of Russia after the first apparatus, with the younger Downie sister Ellie posting a fine 15.1 on bars. Russia won the gold medal with 175.212, and France were third on 168.496. 
But Bristol hit back and Rob Hawkins' score helped them earn a fourth losing bonus point of the season so far. The hosts also saw Jason Woodward shown a yellow card after the break, before they battled back after Tigers went down to 14 themselves as Lachlan McCaffrey was penalised for a defensive infringement. "I'm delighted with they way we finished the game, to have the character to go back up the field and win a penalty to get a losing bonus point. "Obviously it's not the result we wanted, we wanted a win, but we've got to take a point away from this game and be happy." 
The woman said he used a key-ring sized black monkey to signal whose turn it was to make tea and coffee. I was shocked and offended to see a black monkey on my desk. "He was jeering [at] me and harassing me about the black monkey... 
Pat Murphy-Wright, cultural development officer for the charity Irish in Birmingham, said: "The parade is about people embracing their roots and helps to teach children at local schools about their cultural background." 
A selection of the best photos from across Africa and of Africans elsewhere in the world this week. 
The Blaenau Gwent food bank runs from a church in Ebbw Vale twice a week and was the first to open in Wales in October 2008. This is about 200 fewer people than the same period last year but compares to 900 in April to September 2012. "And we continue to spend Â£94bn a year on working age benefits to ensure there is a strong safety net in place." 
Mr Goldsmith lost his seat last year after resigning and calling a by-election in protest at the decision to expand Heathrow Airport . 
There has been growing concern about the damaging impact of sugar on health - from the state of people's teeth to type 2 diabetes and obesity. In its Food for Thought report, the BMA warns that a 330ml can of pop is likely to contain up to nine teaspoons of sugar that are simply "empty calories". "The biggest problem is a lot of us are unaware of the amount of sugar we are consuming on a day-to-day basis." She added: "There is no silver bullet but we do want to see industry go further to cut the amount of sugar in food and drinks so that people can make healthier choices." 
Among those crowding into the stadium that day was schoolboy Peter King, who was destined to play for Worcester and later, at the highest level, for Cardiff City. "The game couldn't be played on the Saturday as the pitch was waterlogged as per usual, so they played in the midweek and we all had time off school to go to watch it. "After the final whistle blows on Saturday I will leave with a lump in my throat, but also with hope in my heart that the fans will continue to support the club through their Aggborough exile and work together to bring them back to the city of Worcester soon. "As a lifelong City fan who grew up in the shadow of St George's Lane, spending the last few years commentating on every match for BBC Hereford & Worcester has been a pleasure and a privilege. "When Bill Jones had gone down to Cardiff he had taken Harry Knowles with him, but Harry was in his twenties by then and maybe it was a bit late for him to make the grade. Like all who have played for, watched and reported on Worcester City, however, it is St George's Lane that will be uppermost in their thoughts this weekend. 
They are remarkably similar to those of the Hobbit find in 2004 and are thought to belong to the ancestors of floresiensis. According to Dr Yousuke Kaifu, from Tokyo's National Museum of Nature and Science, the discovery of the tiny 700,000 year old hobbit ancestor suggests that erectus might have shrunk within the space of just 300,000 years, which is a remarkably short period in evolutionary terms. He added: "It is just as likely that the ancestors of (The Hobbit) came from somewhere like Sulawesi, to the North, and we have no evidence so far of who might have been there more than a million years ago." The researchers acknowledge that their argument is based on scant data: one fragment of a jawbone and a handful of teeth. That involves finding the fossils that date back to before a million years ago and which go with the stone tools." Dr van den Bergh added that the discovery of Hobbit-like humans living on Flores 700,000 years ago ruled out the possibility that the discovery in 2004 was of a group of modern humans who had been stunted by illness. 
The court heard she wanted to live under strict Sharia law and believed such a regime could only be found where IS imposed control. The judge said: "Raqqa is, and was in October 2015, the epicentre of a war zone. Further, it was, and presently remains, under the control of IS. 
South Korea's Son, 24, collects the players' prize for the second time this season after becoming the first Asian recipient of the award in September. 
On the currency markets, the pound fell 0.2% against the dollar to $1.3103 but rose 0.2% against the euro to â‚¬1.1757. 
Threatened by deforestation and poaching to supply the black market trade in tiger body parts, it is one of the most endangered cats on the planet. Canine distemper virus (CDV), a relative of the human measles virus, was first described in dogs and infection causes fatal pneumonia and encephalitis (inflammation of the brain). Two suspected CDV outbreaks, the first in 1988 and a second in 2000, killed thousands of Baikal then Caspian seals. Yes, domestic cats could be infected in the laboratory, but this was inefficient and the virus was unable to pass from one animal to another. A massive demise in 1994 of African lions living in the Serengeti national park in Tanzania showed that this was fallacy. Add to this the recent report of infection of large numbers of South American jaguar and it is evident that this virus has little, if any respect for the so-called species barrier - the unique inherent host factors and properties that prevent viruses from jumping from one species to another. So what should we make of the emergence of CDV infection in primates. Is this an indication of the potential for a more compelling species jump? A single mutation in one of surface proteins in CDV present in primates is all it takes for the virus to successfully use the human receptor. Fortunately, the surface protein of the measles virus is so similar to CDV that antibodies generated by the measles vaccine also protect against CD; and other morbilliviruses too. "Some of the earlier modelling work, if it were to pan out, does suggest that this is a significant disease even at the levels of disease we are detecting now, which is probably just the tip of the iceberg." 
Those living close to the Uruguay River in Entre Rios province are reported to be among the worst affected. The provinces of Formosa, Chaco and Santa Fe are also reported to be badly affected. 
Joseph Tsang, 31, from Oxford, was convicted in his absence last month at the city's crown court of two counts of rape and two counts of sexual assault. 
The winner will be announced at the BBC Music Awards on 12 December. Bowie was nominated for British artist of the year at the inaugural BBC Music Awards in 2014, but lost out to Ed Sheeran. 
Mr Wigan, who is also a patron of the Â£189m library, said the works were borne from his "fantasy world". 
The mother of a Salford student killed by a man posing as a taxi driver said it was "clearly wrong" to give licences to sex offenders. However, councils are free to decide who they consider to be "fit and proper" drivers, and can take into account the date of the offence, the circumstances, and the applicant's behaviour since. "People just see the word taxi and think that's a legal vehicle to get into. She said it was "clearly wrong" for drivers with sexual convictions to be granted licences. Steve McNamara, general secretary of the LTDA, said: "These drivers clearly fail to meet the fit and proper person test and should never have been in a position to transport members of the public. Five of the six councils who granted licences to convicted drivers defended their procedures and said a wide range of checking systems were in place. 
BBC Scotland understands officers have taken an interest in issues that arose through Glasgow City Council's internal investigation and that the local authority would be willing to co-operate with police. It is also understood that a meeting took place recently between the council and police and that some of the issues spoken about involved people outside the council. The other is the partner of an executive with Mears who is now working in a different role at the council. The broader issue of openness and transparency within Glasgow City Council is set to be a key theme in the campaign ahead of May's local elections. However, the SNP believe that, in general, the council could do more to ensure it is transparent and seen to be so. 
Mr Williams told the BBC he initially thought he had caught a dolphin and it took two anglers more than 25 minutes to land the fish off Soroya, Norway. He said: "Two of the guides on the fishing trip helped lift it into the boat and it took 25 minutes." As well as being the biggest cod landed by a British angler, it is the biggest for a disabled angler - Mr Williams has a heart condition. 
Mr Kyle said: "Can the prime minister assure the people of Brighton and Hove, who have a long history of dealing with terrorism, that should another terrorist attack happen the local force can cope without calling on neighbouring forces?" 
Loach uses I, Daniel Blake to expose the welfare system in the UK, and says he wants the film "to break audience's hearts, but also to make them angry". Loach, a social campaigner for most of his career, believes the current criteria for claiming benefits in the UK is "a Kafka-esque, Catch 22 situation designed to frustrate and humiliate the claimant to such an extent that they drop out of the system and stop pursuing their right to ask for support if necessary". It's done to get the numbers down and the most vulnerable in our society are suffering as a result." And this was one of the first people we encountered." "Food banks have been praised by the state without any sense of shame at all and yet it's appalling in 2016 that people are having to make the choice between food and heating, which is common. "It's deeply shocking that this is happening at the heart of our world." 
The music icon's estate has struck deals to make his albums available by streaming, and is planning a series of releases including a remastered Purple Rain album, two albums of unreleased tracks, and two concert films. 
The 43-year-old, who looked out of sorts against Maguire in a one-sided World Championship quarter-final, said he made the decision three months ago. He said: "There's a few reasons - the schedule, the fact I'm not playing the snooker I want to play, and the fact I'm not enjoying practice. "I was delighted to have made a maximum here [against Stuart Bingham in the first round] which is why I was more animated when I achieved it. Hendry, who was making his 27th consecutive appearance at the World Championship, looked back to his fluent best as he hit his third Crucible maximum - a record he shares with Ronnie O'Sullivan - in his first round victory over Bingham. "He's always put snooker first, been a model professional, a credit to the game and I'll see him in the legends tour this year for more battles. I don't think he's made the right decision to bow out. Former world champion Terry Griffiths, who once coached Hendry, added: "I thought he should have retired a while ago but he had the belief that he could continue. After dominating the 1990s, Hendry's form started to tail off and he reached just one World Championship final in the next decade. His last ranking tournament final was in the 2006 UK Championship where he lost to Peter Ebdon. 
Police say the man - said to be a former employee - entered the Ludlow restaurant in the Southbank area late on Sunday evening brandishing a knife. 
The kidnapping was the second abduction of a GIZ aid worker this year. 
Three years after Russia annexed Crimea, a move bitterly contested by Ukraine's government, the region remains in a state of flux. For journalists based in Russia, there are faster ways of reaching the Crimean peninsula. Board a plane in Moscow and two hours later you can be in the Crimean capital Simferopol. We flew from Moscow to the Belarusian capital Minsk, then on to Kiev. First, we visit the Ukrainian Migration Service in Kiev to obtain the "dozvil" - a document issued by the Ukrainian authorities permitting travel to Crimea. Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014 was a watershed moment. It pushed Moscow and the West to the brink of a new cold war. Three years on we are travelling to Crimea to gauge the mood. Ukraine does not call the Kalanchak crossing a border - officially, it is a "control point for entry and exit". "Come with me, please," he says, "I'd like to have a chat." What is the nearest Metro station to your home? Then the official escorts me back to the van. We spend the night in the van waiting for Russian customs officers to process our papers and allow our TV equipment through. Simferopol is the administrative centre of Crimea. The name of our hotel is the "Ukraine". And, peering down from billboards is the Russian president with some of his choicest Crimea quotations - just to remind everyone who is in charge. "Crimea was famous for being the spa of the Soviet Union," declares Vladimir Putin in one poster. "All Russian army social programmes will be extended to Sevastopol and the Black Sea Fleet," he promises in another. Near our hotel, the wall of a building is covered with a giant painting of President Putin dressed as a sailor and the words: "Crimea belongs to all of us". As far as retired teacher Olga Koziko is concerned, the more Putin in Crimea, the better. I even have a T-shirt with Putin and the words: 'In Putin We Trust', like 'In God We Trust.' This mysterious military force picked up a variety of nicknames, including The Little Green Men and The Polite People. To the outside world, Russia had grabbed a piece of Ukraine. The inscription reads: "To The Polite People from the grateful people of Crimea." This is how Moscow wants to be seen here: as a force for good, protecting the people of Crimea from violent Ukrainian nationalists. Many of those in Crimea who welcome Moscow's rule see the bloody conflict in eastern Ukraine as confirmation that Russia is a safer home. Out on the street I get chatting to a pensioner called Nadezhda. Nadezhda describes Crimea joining Russia as "a return to the Soviet Union. Our generation was, is and will always be in the USSR. We will die in the Soviet Union." But they are not enough to sustain pro-Russia sentiment in Crimea at the level of 2014. With economic links to Ukraine cut, the only way of keeping the peninsula supplied is by sea or air. Moscow insists that will change once it has completed a road and rail bridge linking Crimea to the Russian mainland. The bridge is a multibillion-dollar statement that Moscow is here to stay. Just about enough to cover utility bills and the medicines I need." I am talking to Nadia beside the statue of Ukraine's most famous 19th Century poet, Taras Shevchenko. It is Shevchenko Day and a group of twenty people have come here with flowers to mark the poet's birthday. "In my soul, Crimea is still part of Ukraine," Nadia tells me. "I'm here because this statue is the last symbol of Ukraine left in Crimea." "Well, if you're going to bring up history, we could go right back to the days of the Crimean khans," retorts Nadia. Crimea would have been wiped from the face of the earth." "I read it in the internet," she replies. We drive to the town of Bakhchysarai in central Crimea to meet Umer Ibragimov. CCTV cameras caught the moment he was seized by men in uniform and bundled into a vehicle. "I've written to everyone asking for help," Umer tells me, "from the bottom levels right up to the president. In the Black Sea resort of Yalta I find the promenade packed with people enjoying a seaside stroll in the sunshine. From the conversations, there is an overriding sense of a population desperate for peace. "Crimea is not just a thing to be given to one country or another. 
The trust said it is required to safeguard the area and had offered Mr Pike advice about moving on. Mr Pike, who spent a night in a police cell and received a fine, said the hut had since been destroyed. Steve Marsh from the Woodland Trust said the organisation had sympathy for Mr Pike's situation and the eviction was "not personal". 
The road was closed in both directions between the M48, junction 2 (Newhouse Interchange) and A48 / Fair View (Highbeech roundabout). 
M Squared currently employs more than 50 staff and has a turnover of Â£10m. 
Militants led by the jihadist Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (Isis) took over parts of the cities of Falluja and Ramadi in late December. In the absence of appropriate medical care due to the army's blockade of the area, skin diseases and viral and bacterial infections are spreading uncontrollably. "With the conflict in Anbar continuing UN agencies continue to receive reports of civilian casualties and sustained hardship in communities impacted by the fighting and the influx of internally displaced persons," said UNHCR spokeswoman Melissa Fleming. 
Spectacular fireworks, a parade of nations from around the world and the lighting of the famous Olympic torch launched the Games in Brazil. 
Police have also set up a dedicated email address to gather video footage of disorder and vandalism at the game. 
A "large amount of feathers" and a discarded seed bag, believed to have been used to move the birds, was found nearby. 
This means none of the president's supporters will go to the ICC. Mr Gbagbo's trial in The Hague, in the Netherlands, started in January and is likely to last three to four years. But pro-Ouattara forces were also accused of similar atrocities and these have not been prosecuted in the ICC. 
The winners of this year's tournament will be crowned African champions, as well as qualifying for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. 
Eliza Szonert, embroiled in a custody dispute with businessman Ashley Crick, took her son with the aid of a child recovery agency on 10 December. Ms Szonert said that Mr Crick had taken away her and her son's passports after a disagreement. 
Gavin Barrie, convener of City of Edinburgh Council's economic committee, said: "The Wavegarden Scotland project appears an exciting addition to active participant sport in the Edinburgh area. William Watson, president of the Scottish Surfing Federation added: "We fully support this fantastic project and will continue to work with Tartan Leisure Ltd to ensure it fits with the best interests of Scottish surfing." 
Alex Rodman (Notts County) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Paul Mullin (Morecambe) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Stanley Aborah (Notts County) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Haydn Hollis (Notts County) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Stanley Aborah (Notts County) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
"The next thing I remember I was in the ambulance and a paramedic was on the phone to my missus," he said. A road traffic collision investigator said the junction at the approach to the Ballyconnelly Road was clearly marked with signs and road markings. "The Fiat was required to stop by the road markings and signage," he said. Assessing the conclusions of the expert's report, the coroner said: "The bottom line is the car failed to stop at the junction and very tragically that led to a collision with the tractor and the deaths of the driver and passenger." 
The new spacecraft will be known as the Inmarsat-6 series. They will update services currently offered in the L-band part of the radio spectrum. The telecoms company is the world's biggest player in its field, and so the Airbus workers in Portsmouth and Stevenage will see the contract as a tremendous endorsement of their skills and expertise. This higher frequency part of the radio spectrum is where much of the new sector growth will occur - such as in-flight connections for aeroplanes. 
"The club have been good for me and I have thoroughly enjoyed my time in Wales." Parnell played in Glamorgan's T20 defeat to Surrey on Friday, a third successive loss for the Welsh county which is another significant blow to their hopes of qualifying for the quarter-finals. Despite their recent poor T20 displays, Parnell has been encouraged by what he has seen from Glamorgan in the shortened form of the game. 
He said: "I am absolutely thrilled, and slightly surprised, to be the new rector of the University of Dundee. "In fact Dundee was the starting point for my first ever adventure at the age of 12, to cycle across Scotland. 
But it stressed that "very significant socioeconomic inequalities" remained which were "unfair, unsustainable and detrimental to Scotland", and said the country had a moral and economic duty to tackle the issue The report said it had been suggested that admitting students from deprived backgrounds with lower grades could have a detrimental impact on the academic excellence of Scotland's universities. It added: "This means that equal access is capable of transmitting the social and economic benefits of higher education between generations, breaking cycles of deprivation and contributing to a society that is healthier, wealthier and fairer. "The evidence shows that a higher education is a passport to a better life. 
Over the past year, the Scottish economy grew by 0.7% - a third of the UK rate of 2.1%. The report indicated that growth in Scottish GDP over the past year was driven by growth in the services industry, particularly in business services and finance. It was estimated that the closure resulted in a reduction of Scottish GDP of about 0.2 percentage points in the second quarter. 
By 2012, the loss of primary forest every year in Indonesia was estimated to be higher than that in Brazil, said scientists. The researchers, from the University of Maryland, said that deforestation had led to an increase in greenhouse gas emissions and a loss of biodiversity. A government moratorium on deforestation was signed in 2011 and was intended to slow down the pace of deforestation. 
He gifted an opportunity and it is another one to put in the list of failures. "He looks in two minds at the crease, unsure whether to go for the full-on aggressive shot or a checked drive." Joe Root edged a delivery fractionally short of De Kock behind the stumps as the occasional ball misbehaved but England's two leading batsmen put on 60 to take them to the close without further loss. Having reprieved centurions Stephen Cook and Hashim Amla with dropped catches on day one, England were guilty of further errors in the field as South Africa pressed on to a commanding first innings total. In only the third over of the day De Kock scythed James Anderson to gully where a diving Ben Stokes could not grasp the chance. 
Former party leader Mark Durkan, who has been the MP for the area since 2005, lost out by just 169 votes to Elisha McCallion of Sinn Féin. "Mark has been a public representative in Derry for a large number of years and he has served it well," she said. Mr Durkan said one of the reasons for his defeat was greater campaign funding by Sinn Féin. "Mark was without a doubt one of the finest speakers in the House of Commons, he was also the inventor of these incredible 'Durkanisms'," Mr Pound told BBC Radio Foyle. 
John Yates, from English Heritage, said a list of historic buildings had been revised to show how potential developers could adapt the Grade II listed building. 
The firm's lead lawyer Phil Shiner said that the case "raises a number of very troubling systemic issues about the practices and techniques used on Iraqis". In January 2014 PIL submitted a legal bid with the International Criminal Court to prosecute British politicians and senior military figures, for alleged war crimes in Iraq - a move which the then Foreign Secretary William Hague said should be rejected. "The closure of PIL shows that we are making progress on that, tackling these types of firms head on to make sure we get the right outcome for our armed forces who show such bravery in the most difficult of circumstances." The spokesman also said ministers were considering a "suite of measures" to prevent firms making bogus claims, including strengthening the penalties for abusers of the system. 
Oldham Council said it investigated the claims made in December but concluded, in a report leaked to the Sunday Times, it had "no concerns" about any schools. The Department for Education said: "We are already aware of the allegations raised in the report and we are working closely with Oldham Council." 
In Carmarthenshire, Conwy and Monmouthshire, the overall residential care budget, which includes provision for respite, has been cut. The figures show Swansea Council has cut its internal provision respite budget for older people and younger adults by over 80% in the last two years. The council has decided to transfer money from respite care into its own residential homes, who will provide short breaks in the future. According to the charity Carers Wales, respite provision is already in short supply, but the cuts being made by local authorities will limit support even further. The Welsh Government said it recognised "the important role that respite care has in supporting individuals and families at what can be an extremely difficult time". "It is a matter for local authorities to ensure they have necessary respite placements." 
Janse is the second addition at Brisbane Road in as many days after the arrival of midfielder Zan Benedicic on a deal until January. 
Mr Wildstein, who worked at the Port Authority of New York & New Jersey, said he and his boss, Bill Baroni, told Mr Christie that Mark Sokolich, the mayor of Fort Lee, was "frustrated" over the lane closures. Mr Wildstein testified on Tuesday against Mr Baroni and Bridget Anne Kelly, the governor's former deputy chief of staff. Federal prosecutors opened an investigation and indicted three members of Mr Christie's aides in 2015, alleging that two of the key bridge's three lanes were closed in retaliation over Mayor Soklich's refusal to endorse the governor in his re-election bid. The governor was not charged in connection to the scheme and has denied any involvement. But last week, federal prosecutors alleged that the governor was informed of the plot, using Mr Wildstein's testimony to argue their claim. Mr Wildstein's testimony follows last month's revelations that former Christie ally Christina Renna allegedly texted her colleague, Peter Sheridan, about the governor's knowledge of the plot. 
Okay, this is putting it a bit strongly, but the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC) has said that there is some "mild innuendo" in the film. But turning Paddington from a chilly bear in to a polar bear isn't the board's only concern. The Australian actress plays the film's villain and she's out to "kill and stuff" Paddington. "There is also a short scene in a jungle when Paddington and his family run for shelter during an earthquake with trees falling around them," according to the BBFC. Contrary to other reports, the BBFC has told Newsbeat that Paddington was always classified as a PG film and has not been upgraded from a "U" certificate. 
"I have had an awesome time at the club this year and loved every minute of it on and off the field," he said. 
The Care Quality Commission (CQC) said it followed an incident at Melbury Lodge, Royal Hampshire County Hospital. 
The work will be carried out by Galliford Try, the parent company of Morrison Construction, which recently undertook the £1.2m refurbishment work on the Elgin Town Hall and the construction of Moray's flood alleviation schemes. 
Linda Norgrove Foundation is helping Ascend, a project that teaches mountaineering skills to young women in Afghanistan. We take for granted the freedom to climb the hills, but this is something which can change lives for these young women in Afghanistan." 
The inquest heard that the car was slightly over the speed limit as it was travelling at 108km/h (67mph) in a 100km/h zone. Flashing lights signalled that the bridge was about to be raised with the middle section of the road lifted horizontally, the inquest heard. Mr Tarry drove down a verge past stationary queuing traffic and through the first set of barriers, about 120m from the bridge, the court heard. The car then travelled in a "controlled manner" at between 70 and 90km/h down the centre of the road. The court heard that the three band members sitting in the back of the car were not wearing seatbelts but those in the front were, and had to be cut from the vehicle. 
Business Secretary Vince Cable said he had accepted a recommendation from the Low Pay Commission that the minimum wage should increase by 3%. Meanwhile, the man who set up the minimum wage 15 years ago, said it is in need of major reform. "The sooner we move to a living wage, the better," he said. In January this year, Chancellor George Osborne said he backed the idea of the national minimum wage reaching £7 an hour by October 2015. The latest announcement could pave the way for that to happen, but it would need a rise of more than 7% next year to do so. 
But with the lowest turnout in the constituency's history and a margin of 2,620 the narrowest ever recorded in this once proud Labour heartland, can this declaration really be believed? "The people of Stoke seemed to think he [Paul Nuttall] didn't come from the area and they didn't believe his pack of lies. "It's a relief UKIP didn't get in but [Labour retaining the seat] just means things are going to stay the same." They backed Mr Snell in the by-election and also voted to stay in the European Union. "I think the people of Stoke do care about politics and they want to make things better," she said. "I think they were misled by UKIP in the beginning. "The turnout seemed to be very low and I think a lot of people think it was a foregone conclusion. But although Labour enjoyed a heyday in the 1960s and 70s, their share of the vote has consistently fallen over the years down to a record low of 37% in this by-election. Tom Wilson, 26, voted for UKIP in the by-election and said he was "very upset" at the result. "I think only UKIP would have made a change for the people of Stoke." Now Mr Snell is the town's new MP, the challenge is on for him to win back the trust of former Labour supporters and engage with new ones. Lee Woolrich, 33, from Stoke-on-Trent, is head of client services for a digital agency but did not vote in the by-election. Mr Woolrich believes politicians need to take more of an interest in Stoke-on-Trent - he too feels the place has been forgotten and is badly represented by the media. "I love the developments in Hanley and the cultural quarter. "On a local level, I like the direction things are going in but I don't necessarily think government in London will listen to the people of Stoke. 
"The results didn't really show what he was doing and how good he was but it was nice to give him that positive feeling on Wednesday night." "He has put a lot of effort into the other games as well, he has really helped us and for us to give him that first league win was crucial. If a new manager has until the end of the season to work with the players and then to kick on next season it would be great for the club." 
The Trending Topics column appears in the top right corner of a typical Facebook page. Facebook's Mr Stocky explained: "Popular topics are first surfaced by an algorithm, then audited by review team members to confirm that the topics are in fact trending news in the real world and not, for example, similar-sounding topics or misnomers." The Gizmodo story, which quoted a person it said they had been one of the editors, alleged Facebook staff were routinely tampering with Trending Topic stories. Breitbart, one of the leading conservative news sources in the US, said the reports confirmed what they had "long suspected", that "Facebook's trending news artificially mutes conservatives and amplifies progressives". 
Strathspey Steam Railway plans to recreate part of a free celebratory train journey held in 1863 between Aviemore and Grantown-on-Spey. The steam railway group runs locomotives along 10 miles (16km) of line between Aviemore and Broomhill. 
He rose to prominence through the invention of the "quenelle", a hand gesture critics have likened to an inverted Nazi salute. 
Speaking during a live link-up with a primary school in London, he also said he was "immensely proud" to be wearing the Union Flag. Major Peake added that he was now into the final phase of training, in which he was focusing on the essentials. "I'm immensely proud to be British and to be serving in the European Space Agency," he told BBC News. Major Peake, who was a British Army helicopter pilot before his selection for the astronaut corps, is set to fly to the International Space Station in December on a Russian Soyuz rocket. 
BP agreed to the compensation deal in 2012, but argues it has been misinterpreted. In September, a US judge ruled BP was "grossly negligent" in the lead-up to the 2010 oil spill. 
The man was said to be in his 30s and was wearing a dark top with the hood up. 
Camden Council has warned the extended works will "blight" the area, but HS2 says it will be "easier to manage". They would be ready for phase two of HS2 which will run from the capital to Leeds and Manchester in 2033. 
The Africans beat Denmark 2-0 in their quarter-final, while Germany won 4-0 against Portugal. 
Rumours on Wednesday that it was about to buy the debt sent Deutsche Bank's shares soaring. 
The council said the redesign would make the street safer and support businesses ahead of the opening of a Crossrail station in 2018. 
In response, the BBC, Sky News, ITV and Channel 4 said they "remain committed" to staging debates before the poll on 7 May. Raising the issue in Parliament, Mr Miliband said Mr Cameron had argued back in 2010 that it would be "feeble" for any party leader to walk away from the debates but was now threatening to do just that. He said he was keen to defend his record during the campaign, suggesting he would support the idea of two debates, one a head-to-head encounter between him and Mr Miliband and another in which all "national parties" were represented. In identical letters to Mr Cameron, Mr Miliband, Mr Clegg and Mr Farage called for a repeat of the 2010 debates - the first ever leaders' TV debates in a British election - and insisted they "not the property of the politicians". But Green Party leader Natalie Bennett said she backed Mr Cameron's stance and said it was in the interest of the three other leaders to help persuade broadcasters that her party should be included in one of the debates. John Curtice, professor of politics at the University of Strathclyde, said that having "nailed his colours to the mast" over the Green Party's participation, it would be difficult for Mr Cameron to shun the debates if they were invited. While the debates were a "good test of political leadership", Prof Curtice told the BBC that they had dominated the campaign and "not necessarily succeeded in reaching out to more marginal voters". In a statement, the four broadcasters said: "The debates played an important role in informing millions of our viewers in 2010 and we will continue to work with all the parties to ensure that they happen again in 2015". 
A train driver had to be cut free from his cab after the bridge collapsed in the accident, but no-one else was hurt. The court heard that the train driver "thought he would die" and still suffered from flashbacks. 
The woman had been alerted by her daughter in London that Prof Higgs had won the award, he revealed. Speaking for the first time about the award at a media conference at the University of Edinburgh, he said: "How do I feel? In July of last year, physicists at Cern confirmed the discovery of a particle consistent with the Higgs boson. Prof Higgs, who had often been uncomfortable with the attention his theory brought, was in Geneva to hear the news, and wiped a tear from his eye as the announcement was made. 
Salvi was twice short-listed for the Premiership's Player of the Year award while at Leicester and is a former Australia Under-21 captain. 
"It's been instilled in us over the last 18 months, that family atmosphere, the togetherness," said White. "It's 23 players, we're all in it. 
Scotland v Republic of Ireland (TBC, 7 July) 
The Scottish government said it was committed to "protecting and increasing the NHS budget". The papers were passed to the BBC and The Herald by a senior NHS whistleblower, who said they had become frustrated by the argument of the "Yes" campaign that the biggest threat to the NHS comes from the UK government. The documents conclude that the "status quo in terms of service and workforce planning is not an option". But it also points out that boards are "without the mandate and authority to implement the scale of change and redesign required". "We continue to develop our health service to meet the changing demands of the people of Scotland, and that's why we've already legislated to integrate health and social care from April next year. 
Purchasing defaulted bonds on the cheap to make a profit in a settlement is a common hedge fund tactic. 
She said if France made 50,000 places available, they still would not seek asylum in France, and it must be confirmed that the UK was not a "El Dorado" for migrants. 
Mr Kay did not enter a plea at Brighton Magistrates's Court when he appeared earlier. 
The 29-year-old world number 204 began two shots behind leader Adam Hadwin of Canada, but birdied three of the last four holes to finish on 20 under par. 
The Spring Series sees teams play each other once in a one-off, six-week transitional competition before the WSL's switch to a winter calendar. 
Mick Schumacher, 18, will drive demonstration laps in a 1994 Benetton car, a family spokeswoman said. 
It is understood that Sinn Féin have proposed an individual to chair the new talks process. It is believed the name has been forwarded to the British and Irish governments but there has not yet been a response. 
Tens of thousands of civilians are also believed to be in the rebel enclave. Rebels have now lost more than 90% of the territory they once held in eastern Aleppo since government forces stepped up their offensive to regain full control of the city a month ago. For much of the past four years it has been divided roughly in two, with the government controlling the western half and rebels the east. The Syrian Observatory says that at least 415 civilians and 364 rebel fighters have been killed in rebel-held areas since 15 November. Russia and the United States, which backs the rebels, held talks in Geneva over the weekend to discuss a deal for civilians and rebel fighters to leave Aleppo. Analysts say the fall of Aleppo would be a big blow to the opposition, as it would leave the government in control of Syria's four largest cities. 
Its chairman, Mark Lindsay, has said confidence in the office of the ombudsman is at an all-time low. He also said the PSNI is in a state of crisis because of reducing budgets and officer numbers. Criticism of the office of the ombudsman by the federation is not new. Mr Lindsay said the level of assaults against police officers by members of the public is "unacceptably high" and called for tougher action to protect them. 
Leicestershire Police said the searches in Braunstone Avenue relate to the death of Megan Bannister, whose body was found in a car following a crash. Megan, from Leicester, was dead before the collision between a car and a motorbike in Enderby, Leicestershire, on Sunday, police said. 
The king stayed in Leicester on the night of 20 August before marching out to cut off Henry's progress through the midlands. On 22 March the reburial cortege will pass some of these places - starting at Fenn Lane in Leicestershire before heading into the city. To see an interactive map of the city route, click on the link above this map 
Rocky Taylor, a friend of 40 years standing, said the former BBC radio DJ and Crackerjack presenter had died in hospital in Bournemouth. Stewart's BBC Radio 2 colleagues were extremely saddened, he said, adding: "We are thinking of Ed's friends and family at this difficult time." "A lovely guy, loved his golf and he loved playing the songs on Junior Choice. "He was very, very good at that, and of course, on television." His former colleague and friend of 50 years, BBC DJ David Hamilton, said Stewart "was a little bit like a good wine; he just got better as time went on". "He was a really good guy, Ed, and I really will miss him." He was one of the first presenters on Radio 1 when it launched in 1967, and went on to become a regular Top of the Pops presenter in the 1970s. He was also a longstanding presenter of children's show Junior Choice, which last broadcast on BBC Radio 2 over Christmas. Former Radio 1 DJ and current Radio 2 broadcaster Simon Mayo wrote in a tweet: "How sad to hear of the passing of Ed Stewart. 
Three years after that she was sharing a stage with the prime minister and other party leaders in a televised general election debate. But when media outlets finally began calling, on the back of a surge in support for the party, she sometimes found it difficult to get her message across in a suitably snappy way. Her vision for the party was to show how "economic and environmental justice are indivisible", she explains, "the idea that tackling environmental problems isn't an add-on luxury". "It's a classic Shakespearean thing," she says of her struggles with the broadcast media. But, she adds, "when you get asked a stupid question, it's rather hard to know what to do at that point. "The focus on the individual is a problem for British politics and it's very uncomfortable when the focus is on you," she says, arguing that the media in continental Europe are focused more on policies than personalities and trivia. "I am not complaining - you have to work within those limits," she adds, but she believes British politics is "broken" and the media must take its share of the blame. There was nothing particularly stupid about the question that prompted her darkest moment in a radio studio, however, when she struggled over several excruciating minutes, punctuated by coughing fits, to answer a question from LBC's Nick Ferrari on her party's housing policy. She was quick to hold her hands up afterwards, apologising to supporters and blaming her sub-par performance, in the heat of the general election campaign, on "brain freeze". "But then a few weeks later I was up on the leader debates, able to look David Cameron in the eye and challenge him about his failure to welcome Syrian refugees to Britain, and that was one of the best moments. I should have just pulled the day but that's partly a function of how we got to that point. 
Linney said he was "excited" and would "widen the appeal of the Den to information economy entrepreneurs," adding, "they are key to the future success of the UK economy." A young and dynamic digital entrepreneur, he has his finger on the pulse of an industry that has never been represented in the Den before. 
A private company called Euro Parking Collection has been hired by eight councils in Kent to work with Vehicle Licensing Authorities to collect some of the outstanding fines. In France and some other European countries however, illegal parking is a criminal offence dealt with by the police. 
But former striker Rush believes the biggest nations will not want to face a Welsh side which lost only once in qualifying. "They won't want Wales in their group," Rush told BBC Wales' Sport Wales. "I'm not saying we are going to win it but the opposition won't like to play Wales. 
Following financial difficulties at the Dragons, the WRU has offered a deal to take over the region and a vote is set to be held by shareholders of Newport RFC who own Rodney Parade. Phillips added: "Newport County have a licence there and, despite what anyone might think, we are not in the business of wanting Newport not to be a pro club. 
"The emotions are so high, in the last four races there was a slight chance of being world champion and it's normal to be disappointed each time but for sure we are going to have a great evening," Kent said. 
This is the worst single loss of life for Russia since it launched its air offensive in Syria in support of President Assad towards the end of last year. It may not have been known to those who shot the helicopter down, as most of Russia's airpower in Syria has been used for military purposes to support pro-government forces. In July, two Russian pilots were killed when their helicopter was shot down east of the city of Palmyra by so-called Islamic State (IS). Last November, the pilot of a Russian Su-24 fighter plane was killed when the aircraft was shot down by Turkey on its border with Syria. On Sunday, rebel groups south of Aleppo launched a push to try to break the siege, in what observers said was one of the biggest counter-offensives in months. 
The clip, said to have been filmed in the city of Mosul, in northern Iraq, is the first footage of John Cantlie to emerge in more than a year. In the footage, Mr Cantlie ridicules US attempts to destroy IS. 
The Egyptian videos have not been made public, but Animals Australia said they showed cattle believed to have come from Australia being treated in a "vicious, cruel and clumsy" way. The industry was investigating, she said, and working with the Egyptian authorities to ensure the welfare of animals already at the facilities. Australia's Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry said in a statement it was "pleased with the level of co-operation" from the Egyptian authorities. 
Yoan Gouffran (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. DeAndre Yedlin (Newcastle United) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. David Cotterill (Birmingham City) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left from a direct free kick. Jonjo Shelvey (Newcastle United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. David Cotterill (Birmingham City) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Viv Solomon-Otabor (Birmingham City) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. David Cotterill (Birmingham City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Newcastle United 1, Birmingham City 0. Penalty conceded by Adam Legzdins (Birmingham City) after a foul in the penalty area. David Cotterill (Birmingham City) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. 
"That's the togetherness we have in this team," he told BBC Sport. "We have the ingredients there to go on from this. We have the foundations in place to go and achieve more." Radford added: "There's the League Leaders' Shield to still play for and then we could be only 80 minutes away from a Grand Final." Even in a sport that is full of ups and downs in so many contests, it is an impressive statistic that Saturday's final was the 14th time that Hull have come from behind to win this season. 
(Walsall) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Tom Soares (Bury) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Erhun Oztumer (Walsall) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Erhun Oztumer (Walsall) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Jason McCarthy (Walsall) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Taylor Moore (Bury) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Jacob Mellis (Bury) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Erhun Oztumer (Walsall) from a free kick with a left footed shot to the bottom right corner. Erhun Oztumer (Walsall) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Reece Brown (Bury) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the left is high and wide to the right from a direct free kick. Reece Brown (Bury) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Hallam Hope (Bury) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Hallam Hope (Bury) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Isaiah Osbourne (Walsall) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Amadou Bakayoko (Walsall) left footed shot from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. 
Question from Sean on Facebook: Why is #Florida always the last to announce the results? Katty answers: Yes. Katty answers: This is THE biggest question out of the election. Katty answers: Understandably they aren't happy with the economy but they seem to have decided to give Obama's policies more time. Question from @ds_andrews asks: What do you believe the #GOP'ers have to do to obtain more diverse votes? Question from @Elly1J: What do you think would be the impact among the black people if Obama hadn't won? Katty answers: The prospect of the first Af Am president being a 1-term president was part of what drove so many black voters to polls Katty answers: This year it was due to be held on a Sunday, so it's been pushed back to Monday 21st January. Katty answers: Remember, voters also chose to keep Republicans in the House, this was a vote for divided government Question from @laurenlamack: What do you think the #GOP can do to become more "woman friendly" than they are/appear today? Katty answers: First off is the budget but today Harry Reid mentioned immigration and climate change - expect to see both on the agenda Katty answers: Yes. Question from @rhysbart: Who gets to keep the "Mitt Romney for President" plane? Katty answers: A snr WH official tells me Biden is there for the full four years and Obama has a lot of time for his VP Katty answers: Speaker John Boehner has just said he knows revenue has to be part of the deal Katty answers: Because they weren't going to win, or make a real impact on the race Question from @MarkCWarner :How do you view the Tea Party's future in subsequent elections? Katty answers: There is still very little appetite for intervention in Syria, but he may have more freedom to focus on foreign issues now Question from @CleverDemocrat: Puerto Rico voted in favor to be a US state, but will they actually become the 51st state of the US? 
He ended up in a coma because of somebody spiking his drink," she said. "He ended up in a coma because of somebody spiking his drink.. he was lucky to be alive if another lad didn't carry him home when he did and my sister and her husband phoning an ambulance when they did, he wouldn't be here," she posted. 
The 30cm-diameter well is too narrow for an adult to retrieve him. Visual imagery has so far failed to locate the boy. Most netizens sent good wishes to the boy. "The kid is in primary one already. Shouldn't the well be the focus? 
A rugged, mountainous country, with lush valleys to the south and north, it is Central Asia's poorest nation. Tajiks are the country's largest ethnic group, with Uzbeks making up a quarter of the population, over half of which is employed in agriculture and just one-fifth in industry. The country is also dependent on oil and gas imports. Skirmishes with drug smugglers crossing illegally from Afghanistan occur regularly, as Tajikistan is the first stop on the drugs route from there to Russia and the West. 
The smoke drifted close to the flight path from Duesseldorf airport. Ben Smith, a former BBC reporter, was waiting for a flight when he saw smoke rising up on the other side of the airport. 
She was 12 at the time and living with her parents and two siblings in northern Peru. Japanese people began migrating to Peru in considerable numbers at the end of the 19th Century, drawn by opportunities to work in the mines and on sugar plantations. Ms Moore, a scholar at the Japanese Peruvian Oral History Project, says after the outbreak of World War Two, the Japanese community in Peru became a target, and their assets were confiscated. "In May 1940, as many as 600 houses, schools and businesses belonging to citizens of Japanese descent were burned down," she says. Records from the time suggest the US authorities wanted to take them to the US and use them as bargaining chips for its nationals captured by Japanese forces in Asia. Mr Katsura was among the 2,200 Latin Americans of Japanese descent who were forcibly deported to internment camps in the US. "He had been taken to Panama from where they were planning to send him to the US," she adds. Ms Katsura says she later learned that the camp authorities were keen for the children to learn Japanese so they would be able to speak the language once they were deported to Japan. Of the 2,200 Latin Americans of Japanese descent to be interned in the US, 800 were sent to Japan as part of prisoner exchanges. 
John Griffith-Jones was asked at a Treasury Select Committee hearing whether the Treasury had leant on the FCA or undermined its independence. The FCA had planned to look at whether pay, promotion or other incentives had contributed to scandals involving banks in the UK and abroad. 
Any political party would struggle to fend off accusations of racism, he told the BBC, but the party leader simply took them off the list and said they were not welcome. The party made it into parliament in 2010 with 5.7% of the vote, five years after Jimmie Akesson took on the leadership. The anti-immigration rhetoric has been toned down and carefully argued, with a policy of preferring to help refugees in their own countries. That does not mean the Sweden Democrats have shaken off their past but, with two MEPs in the European Parliament, they are now part of the same grouping as the Eurosceptic UK Independence Party - the Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy group. "One of Jimmie Akesson's skills is that he sends one message to the racists in his party and another to the general public." 
But residents said the plan poses a threat "to the health and wellbeing" of their communities. In a statement the company said the proposed quarry covers an area of 104 hectares, of which 76 hectares will be worked. 
If the funding bid is successful, the centre will be opened in stages. 
The head teacher of Miss Hollinghurst's former primary school in Derbyshire said she was a "talented pupil". A police spokesman said: "Goode and Hollinghurst are now officially considered suspects in the homicide of Officer Robert German. At the same time, gunshots were heard nearby and the bodies of Miss Hollinghurst and Mr Goode were discovered a short distance away, police said. Miss Hollinghurst and her family previously lived in the Derbyshire village of Hadfield. 
The Coseley School in Dudley has 557 pupils - just over half its 975 capacity - and last year's GCSE results placed it bottom in the borough. Only 54 parents have chosen the school as their first preference for September 2016 and the council says the school is facing a Â£1m shortfall. 
Tory Anna Soubry, Labour's Chuka Umunna and Lib Dem Nick Clegg all want the UK to remain in the EU single market. The single market - which allows EU states to trade free of tariffs and other barriers - is central to the debate on what kind of deal the UK should seek when it leaves. EU leaders have said access to, or membership of, the single market is dependent on the UK continuing to accept the principle of free movement, while Downing Street says people voted for greater control over the UK's borders and says it will not compromise on immigration controls. A spokesman for the Department for Exiting the EU said: "The government has been clear that we want to give British companies the maximum freedom to trade with and operate in the single market - and let European businesses do the same here. 
An official in Sintku township near the first quake's epicentre told Associated Press six people had died there, some of them workers at a gold mine that collapsed. He told Reuters that one woman had also died and 10 people had been injured in the nearby town of Kyauk Myaung after a house collapsed. There were many people in the road. In March 2011, at least 75 people died when a powerful earthquake hit Burma near the borders with Laos and Thailand. 
"There's absolutely a point in doing it next year," said McDermott. "It's a lot more than just three games of rugby. There's a lot of activity that goes on during the week that helps boost the profile of the sport and there's obviously a hunger for it from the broadcasters." 
A UK and Finnish team found those with more education were as likely to show the signs of dementia in their brains at death as those with less. The researchers found that more education makes people better able to cope with changes in the brain associated with dementia. But the researchers found those with more education are better able to compensate for the effects of the condition. Dr Hannah Keage of the University of Cambridge, who co-authored the study, said: "Previous research has shown that there is not a one-to-one relationship between being diagnosed with dementia during life and changes seen in the brain at death. "It could be that the types of people who study longer have large brains which adapt better to changes associated with dementia. 
"I am very familiar with the stretch of road in question and have travelled it many times. 
The predicted rise is above the UK average, which is expected to see an increase of 3% over the course of 2015. Northern Ireland's Residential Property Price Index (RPPI) rose 7% this year,  but house prices are still more than 40% below the peak of the boom. However, the market began to show signs of recovery in the latter half of 2013. 
The gap between Hong Kong's rich and poor is at a 30-year high, property rental prices have risen to record levels and residents are upset by daily news reports on corrupt lives of officials at the highest levels of Chinese government. An independent poll shows the Hong Kong public's mistrust of the Chinese government stands at a post handover high, largely because of a number of political scandals. Both decry the lack of opportunities and inadequate public housing in Hong Kong. Following the release of the census figures, Hong Kong's incoming Chief Executive CY Leung - who is to be sworn in on Sunday - announced he would chair a new preparatory task force to tackle poverty. The rally on Sunday is the annual human rights demonstration that traditionally starts at Victoria Park and ends at the Hong Kong government office in Admiralty. If it's not in Hong Kong's present, it's going to reflect on our future," said Claudia Mo, a member of the Civic Party. The other rally on Saturday, due to finish at the Hong Kong Exhibition Centre in Wanchai, is timed to coincide with Mr Hu's dinner plans. Although Mr Hu's visit in 2007 coincided with pro-democracy protests, the political climate in China and Hong Kong was different at that time. The country appeared to be edging ever so slightly closer to Hong Kong's core democratic values of clean government, the rule of law and freedom of speech. 
The world number one is only the fourth player after Steve Davis, Stephen Hendry and Ronnie O'Sullivan to claim back-to-back titles in the modern era. Selby was 47-0 up in the 31st frame, and leading 16-14 on frames, when he potted a red before attempting to roll up to the black ball. The decision was reversed but Moore looked at it from another angle and said he was not sure. Verhaas then said, "If you are not sure, I will stick to the original decision" and the foul stood. The third session was the turning point, a slow, turgid affair when he won six out of the seven frames to hold the advantage by two frames. A dreadful collapse for Higgins means he missed out on moving into second place on his own in the list of most ranking titles won and remains one behind O'Sullivan's five world victories. I'm proud of myself but he was too good on the day But the 41-year-old lost his way on the final day, and late breaks of 88 and 111 were not enough, as he was left frustrated by his rival's dogged performance. I'm proud of myself but he was too good on the day." 
Tens of thousands of prisoners have been granted presidential amnesties since 2009. 
One witness reported hearing the screams of children as huts were set on fire. Witnesses said the attackers arrived on motorbikes and in lorries and were wearing military uniforms, Nigerian media reported. He said he saw militants firebomb huts and heard the screams of children as people were burned to death. 
Commissioned by the BBC, it is the first blockbuster drama made as a co-production between the BBC and Netflix. The series is due to air on the BBC in 2017, and worldwide, outside of the UK, on Netflix. 
What worries Brian is that Britain might now vote to leave the European Union. It aims, they say, to persuade voters to stick with what they know and remain inside the EU. She's the chairwoman of the Costa del Sol branch of Conservatives Abroad, and insists that the party locally is united in wanting to remain inside the EU, unlike her political counterparts back home. It recently devoted a whole edition to the EU referendum, prompting many callers to sound off against the EU and all its works. Given the strength of opinion on this subject, it is perhaps surprising that so few expats in Spain have actually registered to vote, either in the forthcoming referendum, or indeed for any British elections. The British embassy in Spain has launched a campaign to persuade British expats to register for the vote, a campaign that is being mirrored in countries across the world. "The referendum is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to determine the future of our country. 
The 24-acre land is currently home to the Oxford Sports and Social Club, Oxford Cricket Club, and Oxford United's training ground. When Oxford Sports and Social Club closes it will be the last of the old motor manufacturing social clubs to go, but its lease ends in March, and its owners aren't looking to carry on. 
It is owned by a private developer, but the executive has asked consultants to find a way forward. "I would suspect as it has been sitting in private ownership for quite a number of years and has been allowed to fall into disrepair that is not going to be the way forward," Mr McCausland said. 
The injured man was said to be in a stable condition. 
Det Insp Montgomery said the items were concealed in a bag in the roof space. Det Insp Montgomery said: "We are not in a position at present to disclose what we have found there." 
Foul by Victor Nirennold (Fleetwood Town). Substitution, Fleetwood Town. Foul by Ashley Hunter (Fleetwood Town). David Ball (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Fleetwood Town. Corner,  Fleetwood Town. Corner,  Fleetwood Town. Substitution, Fleetwood Town. Fleetwood Town 3, Northampton Town 0. Fleetwood Town 2, Northampton Town 0. Conor McLaughlin (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by George Glendon (Fleetwood Town). Corner,  Fleetwood Town. 
The Howard League for Penal Reform said the statement came two years after it published research showing that about 20,000 prisoners were being kept in overcrowded conditions. "Holding men in overcrowded cells with nothing to do all day is never going to help them become law-abiding citizens on release, and it is important that the true scale of overcrowding will be made known. 
Getting to the island, which has a population of about 120 people, involves a ferry journey from Skye. 
In China, a huge fireworks display in Beijing marked the first day of the Year of the Monkey, one of the twelve animals in the Chinese zodiac. 
The team will explore whether dogs can also produce vitamin D in their skin after exposure to the sun. They will then monitor the dogs to see whether having higher levels of vitamin D before surgery have a positive effect on their recovery. 
Mr Modi coaxed the United Nations into declaring 21 June International Yoga Day and announced a grand event to be held in Delhi on that day. His government plans to get tens of thousands of people to perform yoga in the heart of the capital on Sunday. Mr Modi is an enthusiast himself - he told a biographer he tries to do yoga for an hour after waking up in the morning. Mr Modi's plan to get 35,000 people to perform yoga for 35 minutes on the stately Rajpath (King's Avenue) is aimed at setting a new Guinness World Record. Inspired by Mr Modi's call, even India's National Cadet Corps want to set another record on Sunday - "the largest ever demonstration of yoga by a uniformed organisation on a single day concurrently at multiple venues all across India". If Mr Modi's move encourages more Indians to take to yoga - with or without the spirituality attached to it - it would have served a purpose in making more Indians healthier. Mayawati, the feisty leader of India's Dalits (formerly known as untouchables) said Mr Modi's party and its hardline allies were trying to use yoga to "vitiate communal harmony". Some Muslim clerics are uneasy about the government's motives and equate Mr Modi's government's promotion of yoga with promoting Hinduism. Analyst Ajaz Ashraf says Mr Modi's yoga celebration is a "mix of cultural nationalism, commercialisation and subtle coercion". "Yoga is part of ancient India's cultural heritage," says Manmohan Vaidya, a spokesperson of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the hardline ideological godfather of the BJP and the largest Hindu nationalist group in India. Others say yoga is India's biggest contribution to society after, perhaps, zero and is a symbol of its cultural richness. But this, Doniger believes, ignores yoga's complex and contested history: there are at least five conflicting claims about when yoga began, including a provocative assertion by Mark Singleton that the roots of modern yoga actually do not lie in ancient India. In the end, as Doniger says, "for some people yoga is a religious meditation, for others an exercise routine, and for others, both". 
"I am in talks with a number of other chairmen to set up a meeting to bring a vote of no confidence in the leadership of the RFL," said Koukash. In a statement, the RFL responded: "As an organisation, we are here to work for the clubs and all those with an interest in rugby league. 
"I think he expected me to say 'take yourself off, I'm not having any GAA tree in the grounds of Stormont'," Mr Wilson said. "I actually thought it was a step forward, that here was a body which we regarded as a nationalist sporting body, wanting to be recognised in the grounds of the parliament of Northern Ireland. "He said 'there's a wee thing just to commemorate the 125th anniversary of the GAA'. He told the programme he was a "strong supporter" of devolution and it was "difficult decision" to choose between his jobs as an MP and a Stormont MLA. 
She added: "We would like to hear from anyone who feels they have the knowledge and experience to offer Pintosh or Babysha a new home. 
SocGen reported second-quarter net income of €1.35bn ($1.5bn; £943m) and revenue of €6.87bn. 
The weight given to the reports of the IPCC is a measure of the global scale of scientific involvement with the panel. Divided into three working groups that look at the physical science, the impacts and options to limit climate change, the panel involves thousands of scientists around the world. The wrong percentage was also given for the amount of land in the Netherlands under sea level. The Himalayan claim came from the inclusion of an interview that had been published in the magazine New Scientist. In its own words, the IPCC is there "to provide the world with a clear scientific view on the current state of knowledge in climate change and its potential environmental and socio-economic impacts". In 2009, a review of the way the IPCC assesses information suggested the panel should be very clear in future about the sources of the information it uses. Although this new report is likely to stress a greater certainty among scientists that human activities are causing climate warming, in terms of the scale, level and impacts, the word "uncertainty" features heavily. Climate sceptics, however, argue that the pause is evidence that climate models used by the IPCC are too sensitive and exaggerate the effects of carbon dioxide. "In the last year, we have seen several studies showing that climate sensitivity is actually much less than we thought for the last 30 years," said Marcel Crok, a Dutch author who is sceptical of the IPCC process. The panel suggested that a warming planet would see waters around the world rise by between 18cm and 59cm by the end of this century. The lead authors are in the room and can veto a change if it isn't supported in the underlying report. But in recent months, a study funded by the European Union and involving scientists across the world, came up with what they believe is the most accurate estimate yet - and it increases the level of sea rise by just 10cm from the IPCC report. But the IPCC is likely to say that there is no consensus about the semi-empirical approach and will stick with the lower figure of just under 1m. The report is also likely to assess the intensity of storms, and there might be some better news in that there is likely to be a downwards revision. The state of the North and South Poles has been of growing concern to science as the effects of global warming are said to be more intense in these regions. The IPCC has evolved a complicated way of communicating scientific certainty and confidence in a finding: In the drafts of the latest report, the scientists say there is stronger evidence that ice sheets and glaciers are losing mass and sea ice cover is decreasing in the Arctic. Under the worst carbon emissions scenarios, an Arctic free of sea ice in the summer by the middle of this century is likely. "But, given the pace of both science and news, perhaps it is time the IPCC moved with the Twitter generation." Marcel Crok says the whole process of the IPCC is bad for the scientific principle of open argument. 
"Schivo NI recently acquired the business and assets of Maydown Precision Engineering and in line with restructuring the business, a small number of staff in roles that are not key to the growth and development of the business have been informed that the company is considering making their positions redundant. He said the company was "committed to the long-term growth and development of the business in Derry". 
"I have been at Liverpool Ladies for a few years now, so I felt as though I needed a new challenge," Zelem told the club website. 
In a lengthy and emotive statement, the Albanian FA condemned the "racist violence" of the Serbia players and "negative propaganda" of their FA. "The Serbian side seems unable to condemn the violence, extremism and racism that was displayed at Belgrade, but rather, they seem too busy weaving political statements that do not serve any purpose but to defend the shameful acts of racist violence and the unsportsmanlike conduct of their players, fans and security staff." "The incident itself and the behaviour of the Albanian players, coach and staff leaves no room for doubt that they were part of a synchronised plan to stop the match," the statement read. Much of the conflict relates to the former Serbian province of Kosovo, which declared independence in 2008 and has a mainly Albanian population. 
Jurors heard exhibits stolen in Durham and Cambridge were valued at about £17m but detectives believed they could have fetched up to £57m on the "booming" Chinese auction market. A further seven members of the gang were jailed on Monday: "Because of the complexity we were only able to get a conspiracy to steal and that's capped at seven years, which is a bit of a shame." 
China missed out on a medal in the women's 4x100m medley relay on Sunday, coming fourth. When the journalist asked her (in Chinese) if she was OK, Fu said: "I didn't swim well enough this time," and apologised to her team-mates. "Someone accused Fu of lying, asking how she could have gone in the water on her period," weibo user Dvingnew wrote. "A lot of [elite] sport coaches are men, and that makes it harder for women, who don't want to say 'I'm on my menstrual cycle'. "Menstruation is the leading cause of iron deficiency in the developed world, but many women are not aware they have it. 
The occupants of the car made off as police arrived at the scene, but the vehicle was seized and is being examined by forensic officers. 
Cadwyn Clwyd manager Lowri Owain said: "The main qualification will be that they have their finger on the pulse of their area." 
However, Bingham got back on level terms and, after Trump missed an early opportunity in the decider, it was the former world champion who prevailed with a clearance. "The first two frames were massive but it was only from his mistake that I cleared up and won. On the whole I did well to get back into it, it was just the odd shot here and there that cost me." 
In 2014, she refereed the county Under-21 final, the All-Ireland Ladies' Senior Final and was named Ulster GAA Referee of the Year. 
The abuse took place at Dawson's home in Didsbury and at the homes of the girls. 
Buckinghamshire and Milton Keynes Fire Service said no-one was injured and the fire was contained within the building. 
A temporary footbridge has been installed over the canal near the the bridge. 
Two Jack Conan tries in the first half gave Leinster a healthy lead at half time, and Jamison Gibson-Park extended their advantage after the break. Adam Hughes crossed for the hosts to claw back Leinster's 14-3 half-time lead before the Irish province rallied. Despite being stunned by an influx of tries by Leinster in the second period, Matthew Screech crossed to keep the home fans entertained. 
"[I had] a couple of seasons at Cardiff but it was a mutual decision for me to leave and come to Charlton." Slade has agreed a three-year deal at The Valley and is the club's sixth manager since March 2014. 
The initiative is part of a wider push to increase digital skills among young people. It is hoped that the Micro Bit will encourage children to get involved in coding and programming. 
The protesters had gathered on the previous day, after the country's parliament unexpectedly passed a controversial law that granted official status to the Russian language in regions where it is predominantly spoken. Many here view the use of the Ukrainian language as central to the country's identity. Anything less is to surrender to the country's one-time cultural and political masters in Moscow - where many still view Ukraine as a Russian appendage - and ultimately threatens the country's continued independence. "This law is sending an incredibly powerful signal that the Ukrainian language is not needed," said Roman Tsupryk, a political commentator and chairman of the editorial board of the Ukrainian weekly "Tyzhden" (Week). People in the country's Russian-speaking east and south have a predictably different view on the matter. "Every time we have elections, the issue of language is there," said Oleh Rybachuk, a cabinet member in the previous government and now an independent analyst. 
One researcher said the cases could set a "worrying" precedent for those who run sites that may link to pirated content. It's possible that cases like this could set a "worrying" precedent for social media websites, according to Ben Zevenbergen, a researcher at the Oxford Internet Institute. 
Her mum, Mariam, decided that Manar and her four sisters had no choice but to leave Syria after their neighbour's house was destroyed by a falling plane as war and fighting in the country got worse and worse. Manar added: "We were really scared from hearing all the missiles and the shooting. We could hear gunfire and see the airplanes in the sky. And it was in similar camps where Manar ended up after leaving her home. 
The Conservatives announced plans in 2007 to raise the inheritance tax threshold for passing on property and other assets to £1m. "This reflects the concern raised by the public about rising house prices increasingly leading to estates with a modest house particularly in London and the south east paying inheritance tax." When he was shadow chancellor, George Osborne said the Conservatives would raise the Inheritance Tax threshold to £1m, the announcement coming in the autumn of 2007 amid speculation that the then prime minister Gordon Brown would call a snap election. Earlier this year, David Cameron said he would like to "go further" and take more families out of inheritance tax but warned about the cost of such a move. But speaking on Tuesday, Mr Cameron said inheritance tax was "not something in the Budget" and dismissed suggestions the Lib Dems were standing in the way of his plans. Nearly 16,000 estates were liable for inheritance tax in 2011-12 but this is projected to increase to 56,100 by the end of the next Parliament in 2020 as a result of house price inflation and the freeze in tax thresholds. 
A 36-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder on Friday and released on bail until mid-June pending further inquiries. They were also held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and bailed until June. 
The British DJ and producer changed the date after it was performed on the X Factor on Saturday. Contestant Fleur East's version of the song spent three days on top of the iTunes chart before being trumped by Ronson's original. Seemingly wanting to benefit from the hype generated by Fleur, Mark Ronson, bought forward the song's release date. 
Rose made 50 appearances for the Shrimps last season after joining on a one-year deal in August. 
Mr Corbyn's spokesman has said he will use the visit to discuss human rights. Mr Mepham said there had been a "ferocious assault on human rights activists" in China, with "scores" of people sent to prison over the last three years, some of whom had been ill-treated and tortured. Mr Mepham added that activists in China said the public spotlight was vital for their own protection and to put increasing pressure on the Chinese government. On Chinese artist Ai Weiwei, whose latest exhibition is at the Royal Academy of Arts in London, Mr Liu said "he is not my taste". 
The "severe fire" broke out in Wolverhampton at about 19:55 BST on Friday and six fire engines were sent to the scene. 
"For a country that does not have a lot of experience in international football, we have gone forward and progressed a lot," the ex-Auxerre midfielder said. "Over the last two years, we have had the opportunity to take on some of the big powers in African football and learnt a lot from the experience. Of course, it's not easy to be a national team coach - you suffer a lot on the bench," he joked. 
4 January 2017 Last updated at 12:29 GMT 
Match ends, Hamilton Academical 1, Ross County 0. Second Half ends, Hamilton Academical 1, Ross County 0. Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Foul by Eamonn Brophy (Hamilton Academical). Erik Cikos (Ross County) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Eamonn Brophy (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Tony Dingwall (Ross County) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Eamonn Brophy (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from the right side of the box is just a bit too high. Alex Schalk (Ross County) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Eamonn Brophy (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Eamonn Brophy (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Massimo Donati (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Hamilton Academical 1, Ross County 0. Michael Gardyne (Ross County) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Eamonn Brophy (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Daniel Redmond (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
That is really unhelpful for their players at this stage of the season when they are trying to gain momentum and confidence, so Wenger has a big call to make - and he has to get it right. On their day, Arsenal's free-flowing football is good enough to destroy anyone and it does not matter who they play at the back. So I don't think Wenger will be overly concerned that will happen to his team every week, and he certainly will not be worried about it against Leicester. They will be desperate for three points from their first home game of the season, and a tried and tested line-up might be the way to get it. The Tigers sat deep and did not allow them to play to their strengths on the break but against Arsenal the game is far more likely to follow a pattern that suits Ranieri's fast attackers. He was visibly frustrated at missing the chances he got against Hull and, facing Arsenal, he will be determined to prove a point and show them why they wanted him. Yes, he also blazed one shot over the bar which is unlike him but he set himself ridiculously high standards last season and it will be very difficult for him to maintain that ratio. It is the same for any striker, and can happen for a variety of reasons but I do not see it becoming an issue for Vardy because the way he plays and the way his team plays means he is always going to get chances, including against Arsenal. The occasion is set up for him and, the way he is, it certainly would not surprise me if he goes and bangs in the winner. 
After ruling out riding at the Punchestown Festival, his weekend appearance in County Meath looks set to be his last as a jockey on Irish soil. Bolger was pleased to win for the first time with McCoy on board one of his horses. 
The fight was on the undercard of Anthony Crolla's world lightweight title rematch against Jorge Linares. 
At the High Court in Edinburgh, judge Lord Boyd of Duncansby told Thompson a significant sentence was required. 
The county council statement said the authority "needs to save over £110m and cannot afford to keep subsidising Snibston by more than £800,000 per year". The chairman of the Friends of Snibston group Brian Voller said he was "increasingly concerned about the consultation process" and was planning to ask county council leader Nick Ruston to scrap the consultation, which ends on 7 July. 
Luke Williams (Scunthorpe United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Luke Williams (Scunthorpe United). Josh Magennis (Charlton Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Charlton Athletic 3, Scunthorpe United 1. Luke Williams (Scunthorpe United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Luke Williams (Scunthorpe United) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Josh Morris (Scunthorpe United) left footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Johnnie Jackson (Charlton Athletic) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Kevin van Veen (Scunthorpe United) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Stephen Dawson (Scunthorpe United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Luke Williams (Scunthorpe United) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Luke Williams (Scunthorpe United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Josh Magennis (Charlton Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
The drones will be able to fly autonomously and "overwhelm an adversary", the US Office of Naval Research said of its Low-cost UAV Swarming Technology (Locust) programme. 
Karen Robinson of WeatherEnergy said: "After a relatively slow start to the year, Scotland's wind power output is back on the up thanks to some powerful winds during the month. 
And substitute Iffy Allen tapped in number two from a Butler cross shortly after coming on. 
Cosatu General Secretary of Bheki Ntshalintshali told a media briefing that the union's decision was driven by Mr Zuma's failure to consult it before making changes to his cabinet. He added that the organisation was not concerned about Mr Gordhan's sacking because he was, like his predecessors, "not a friend of the workers". Mr Zuma is due to step down in 2019 at the end of his second five-year term as president. Later, in a speech at the weekend, which has been interpreted as a public broadside against Mr Zuma, he called for a renewal of the country and criticised "greedy and corrupt people". Former President Kgalema Motlanthe also said that it was difficult for Mr Zuma to command respect after the constitutional court found him in breach of the law when he failed to repay government money spent on his private home. 
"I simply want the same opportunity to select a personal message for my licence plate just as any other driver," said Mr Hart, who lives in Kenton County, northern Kentucky. The American Civil Liberties Union of Kentucky (ACLU-KY) and the Freedom From Religion Foundation have filed a lawsuit on Mr Hart's behalf against state transportation secretary Greg Thomas on grounds of free speech. 
"Pakistan cricket is in a bit of a decline and we need to control it." Since the attack Pakistan have been playing the majority of their home matches in the United Arab Emirates, although they travelled to England for a series against Australia in 2010. "As a player I am fine but it is hard being captain of Pakistan with the pressure and expectation." Even a win for Pakistan, who suffered a third defeat in four matches, would have seen them relying on Australia to qualify. 
Investments this year bring the total number of projects the GIB has backed to 28. The bank has also unveiled plans to raise £1bn for a new fund to invest in offshore wind schemes. He said: "Plans for a new billion pound fund to help support the deployment of offshore wind is an excellent initiative that will help create jobs, cut carbon and keep the nation's lights on. 
The vessel was intercepted by Israeli naval ships off the coast of Gaza and forced to head south, the charity which chartered the ship said. An Al-Jazeera correspondent on board said that Israeli navy boats had formed a "wall" on one side of the Amalthea and forced it towards El-Arish. Israel's navy began shadowing the vessel overnight, after warning that it would not be allowed to break the naval blockade of Gaza. The Israeli military said the ship had run into engine trouble, but the ship's owner later told the BBC that it was a ploy by the captain to buy time for the Libyan charity to muster international support. It says this is necessary to stop weapons for Palestinian militant groups inside Gaza being smuggled in, and to put pressure on the Islamist movement Hamas, which controls the coastal territory. The blockade, maintained by Israel and Egypt, was widely described as "collective punishment" resulting in a humanitarian crisis for Gaza's 1.4 million people. Meanwhile, Israel's parliament voted on Tuesday to strip an Israeli Arab lawmaker of some key privileges for joining the flotilla of aid ships that tried to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza in May. 
Andy Hill was performing aerobatics when the jet crashed on to the A27 in Sussex during the Shoreham Air Show on 22 August 2015. 
The coin commemorates the Mint's 225th anniversary and shows Liberty with a crown of stars and a toga-like dress. 
Danilo can play in both full-back roles as well as in midfield, and is City's fourth major signing of the summer. "He can operate in several different roles in both defence and midfield, increasing Pep's options ahead of the new season." 
Lawro's prediction: 0-2 Lawro's prediction: 2-1 Jack's prediction: 1-2 Lawro's prediction: 2-1 Lawro's prediction: 2-0 Lawro's prediction: 2-1 Lawro's prediction: 2-1 Jack's prediction: 2-1 Lawro's prediction: 2-1 
The Serb, who won five Premier League titles and the Champions League in his eight-year spell at Old Trafford, says injuries have forced his retirement. 
A court was told that Green, from Letham, Angus had repaid the money in full from his pension fund. After Green's employer noticed the discrepancy he wrote a letter of apology and said he had been in "financial difficulties." He said that while £73,000 had been paid into Green's account, he had only kept £23,000 and forwarded the remainder to Graham Builders Merchants 
Bradley's parents have said the youngster has just weeks to live. 
Though he never enjoyed the same pop success as such other country greats as Willie Nelson and Johnny Cash, Merle Haggard's success in the country charts was staggering. He was sent to, and escaped from, a variety of penal institutions. A love of singing and a concert by Johnny Cash, in 1958, inspired him to join the prison band. In the late 1960s, Haggard enjoyed success with several country classics, including I Take a Lot of Pride in What I Am, and Silver Wings. He was a fine guitarist and even played the fiddle well. In 1996, Merle Haggard was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame and in 2010 he was honoured at the White House's 33rd annual national celebration of the arts. He once said "There's the guy I'd love to be and the guy I am. 
Salford's Dr Bruno Fazenda said they had found the site reacted to sound "in a way that would have been noticeable to the Neolithic man". But he added that it did show "the space reacted to acoustic activity in a way that would have been noticeable to the Neolithic man". 
Felix, who can also play as a striker, made 32 appearances in all competitions for the National League North club last season, scoring five goals. 
He has been called up to the England Under-20 squad for the first time and could make his debut later this month in the Toulon Tournament. 
She also said that lewd comments Donald Trump made about women that were caught on videotape were unacceptable but did not represent the man she knows. In the video, Mr Trump tells Mr Bush, who was then host of NBC's Access Hollywood, that he can force himself on women because he's a star. Reflecting on the 2005 Access Hollywood videotape leaked to the media 10 days ago, she said: "I said to my husband that, you know, the language was inappropriate. Mr Trump, she said, "was led on - like, egged on - from the host to say dirty and bad stuff". She also justified her husband's tactic of appearing with the women who have accused former President Bill Clinton of sexual assault. 
But, as the self-immolations have slowed, we hoped to be better able to reach remote communities and speak to people. It's the home of pandas and spicy food. They know we have been in contact with locals trying to line up interviews and to prepare logistics for the trip. We explain that we are here at this specific time to film the annual movement of herdsmen who will drive their yaks up into the hills where they will live for the summer months. But the next day when we speak to those preparing to make the journey, the government will have its people listening in. So, for much of the year, people have televisions, fridges and electrical lights. But when the summer comes they head for the hills - back to the land of their forebears. "If we don't go to the summer grasslands and just stay in the winter fields there will be no food left for the yaks. The government official who had been standing in the field and listening to our interview suddenly disappears. Next to Kalsang Gyatso's place runs a recently laid tar road and along it the sound of hundreds of hooves can be heard. The Tibetans are on horseback, calling and whistling to keep their livestock moving. He says they must move now in order to make the most of new grass and provide for their families and that the dates for the journey are actually fixed by government regulations. It is being built smack in the middle of the main migration route and has already been opened. China's Tibetan areas have been hotbeds of rebellion in the past, with some blaming Beijing for restrictions on Tibetan Buddhism, language and culture. We board one of the buses and speak to those taking photos of the Tibetans riding along outside. They seem to have genuine affection for the people who call this place home and inside the adventure park they will come into contact with the Tibetans who have been employed here. "When city people come here they will also feel happy because of the fresh air and the smell of wildflowers. 
It said the change would deliver savings of up to Â£250m a year while allowing "greater control" over the network. Mr Kinchin-Smith said the interior of the box had been saved with a view to reconstructing it for future public display. 
•  If you have an IT supplier, check they are conducting regular backups of all your systems and that these are not connected to your network. SBRC's chief ethical hacker, Gerry Grant, said: "Thousands of computers were infected with the ransomware - and it was able to have such an impact because routine preventative measures had not been taken. "It can be too easy to put this off and click the 'remind me tomorrow' option. "We say it so often, but the prospect of a cyber-attack can be incredibly daunting for the less tech-savvy and the temptation can be to bury heads in the sand. 
Opener Haseeb Hameed, who missed the final Test of last winter's series defeat in India with injury, is overlooked after failing to reach 50 in 12 championship innings for Lancashire this summer. South Africa-born Jennings, who made a century on his Test debut, averages 36 in Division Two for Durham this term. Bowling in boots specially designed to combat the impact on his heel, he took 4-33 against Australia in the Champions Trophy in June and has eight wickets in three championship matches for Durham this year. Slow left-armer Dawson, who took 1-29 on his debut in the final Test in Chennai last year, has 18 wickets at 30 apiece in Division One this summer. This is a change to the plan at the start of the season due to Hameed's loss of form and, while Jennings hasn't been pulling up many trees for Durham, the fact he played in the last Test before Christmas indicates consistency. 
That is one of the findings from an opinion poll commissioned by the BBC from ORB International that examines public opinion in both Iraq and Syria. Some 66% of those questioned in Iraq and 57% in Syria think their country is heading in the wrong direction. Perhaps more shocking is that one quarter of those questioned in Iraq and more than one third in Syria think their country is actually on the right track. think the country is going in the wrong direction But what is fascinating is that it was possible to conduct this opinion poll at all - especially given the continuing violence in Iraq and the chaos in war-torn Syria. "In the IS-controlled areas of Raqqa for each survey we visit the head of the town and ask him for permission to randomly interview people," Mr Heald says. Because, as the data verifies, many of those living in Raqqa now are happier since IS took over. think the country is going in the wrong direction As Mr Heald said, the survey suggests that "the majority in both countries are opposed to IS but that they also think that IS is a product of foreign countriesâ€¦ which to you and I may seem like some crazy conspiracy theory but to them it is a common perception. People aren't leaving Raqqa now because of IS - they are leaving because of the coalition air strikes." 
A spokesman for West Coast Energy confirmed that they have begun to survey the area. 
Amjad Khan and Zahoor Ahmed will appear before magistrates on Tuesday. 
A spokesman said the council was now looking to "see the building fully refurbished in line with its listed status, including potential community uses". Over the last year, pop-up photographic exhibitions have been held as part of a city-wide festival, as well as a dance and animation event to showcase the building's potential. David Drake, director of Ffotogallery - which is looking for a new Cardiff home - has met with universities, arts organisations and innovations group Nesta, about a partnership to develop the building. 
Foul by Mikel Villanueva (Málaga). Roberto Rosales (Málaga) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Recio (Málaga). Pablo Fornals (Málaga) wins a free kick on the right wing. Roberto Rosales (Málaga) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Roberto Rosales (Málaga). Foul by Miguel Torres (Málaga). Corner,  Málaga. Offside, Málaga. Corner,  Málaga. Javi Ontiveros (Málaga) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Javi Ontiveros (Málaga). Corner,  Málaga. Offside, Málaga. Foul by Gonzalo Castro (Málaga). 
The Tories claim 94% of working households are better off under the tax and benefit changes coming into effect. "Families are £1,100 a year worse off on average - that is the true cost of a Tory chancellor," he said, citing independent figures from the Institute for Fiscal Studies which he said supported his case. He said the IFS figures took into account all of the changes David Cameron and his government had introduced since May 2010 up until Monday, including the change to the personal allowance. David Cameron and George Osborne will both be out campaigning in the South West on the day tax changes affecting millions of voters take effect. So Mr Cameron will point out that more than 90% of working households will be better off under the changes which come in today, largely due to the rise in the amount we can earn before we pay tax. Labour has countered that families are on average £1,100 a year worse off because of the tax and welfare changes since 2010; much of this is due to benefit cuts. David Cameron will say there is not just an economic case but a moral case for low taxes, saying this goes to the heart of what he believes in as a Conservative. The Tories need to save £30bn to eliminate the deficit by 2017/18 and if they won't put up taxes, all the money will have to come from spending cuts. 
Kyrgios subsequently said he was "truly sorry" and would use this time during his suspension "to improve on and off the court". "We wanted to hold [Kyrgios] to his contract," the Dutchman told the Nederlandse Omroep Stichting. Kyrgios represented his country at youth level as a basketball player, and said in an interview in June 2015 that he preferred the sport to tennis. Asked then if he might have had a career in basketball, Kyrgios said: "I thought I was going to. 
But when a BBC reporter met Mr Sheill he was the only person holding the consultations. The GMC were shown footage of a consultation between Mr Sheill and a BBC reporter, in which he recommended treatments and bragged "I did 11 people's botox yesterday". A GMC spokesman confirmed by misleading patients in this way Mr Sheill has "potentially breached Section 49 of the Medical Act", which is a criminal offence. 
A second bench is also planned at the Cardiff City Academy training ground and the club hopes the match will become an annual event. 
Addressing delegates, Mr Flanagan said: "It has been interesting to read recently some right-wing commentators having a specific go at the EIS, with one demanding that the first minister should 'take on the EIS'. But he said the union was "well aware of the attainment gap" and was working jointly with the Scottish government on issues regarding child poverty. Teachers' pay is negotiated nationally through a joint body which involves unions, councils and the Scottish government. 
Access difficulties meant an RAF helicopter was needed to get him out. 
As it turns out, the first bit of concrete public evidence that someone in the president's inner circle might be open to Russian assistance in the presidential election involved Mr Trump's eldest son. Nestled toward the end of music publicist Goldstone's explosive first email to Trump Jr about the "official documents and information" the Russian government supposedly had about Hillary Clinton was that this constituted just "part of" Russia's support for his father, "helped along by Aras and Emin" Agalarov, the father-son Moscow-based real estate duo. That kind of remark, however, would cause anyone looking for evidence of a Trump-Russia campaign collusion to stop dead in their tracks and ask: "What's the rest of the story?" In other words, Veselnitskaya walked out of that meeting in New York with the belief that Mr Trump's campaign both was desperately seeking damaging information about Mrs Clinton and were open to talking to Russian nationals about what they might have to offer. After a fair bit of wrangling the two apparently spoke, and the very next email was Goldstone informing Trump Jr he was scheduling the meeting with the "Russian government attorney" (Veselnitskaya) for later in the week. Mr Mueller and congressional investigators may be interested in learning what Agalarov said that convinced Mr Trump to move ahead with the plans for a face-to-face gathering. And what was the nature of the relationship between Agalarov and the Trump clan, in light of Goldstone's observation that Emin and his father were helping Russia's support of the Trump campaign? Was this an indication that the elder Trump may have known about the meeting - which, according to Trump Jr, did not produce the promised dirt on Mrs Clinton? 
It is estimated that 40,000 of 300,000 children born to foreign citizens in the US each year are the product of birth tourism, according to figures quoted in court documents filed to obtain search warrants for the schemes. Even though the women were paying birth tourism operators between $15,000 and $50,000 for their service, they paid local hospitals nothing or a reduced sum for uninsured, low-income patients, according to the affidavit. 
Not only was the dog taken for a spin, he said, but the buggies were driven back to their container about 90 minutes later - and plugged back in to charge up. 
In a similar incident on Friday, a man was left with injuries to his eyes and face in a reported acid attack in Salford, Greater Manchester. 
Baxter named 25 players for the match in Uyo on 10 June - a tough start for Bafana Bafana in their bid to qualify for the 2019 finals in Cameroon after missing out on this year's tournament in Gabon. There are six Europe-based players, including recalls for stylish midfielder Bongani Zungu, who is set to play in the Portuguese Cup final on Sunday for Vitoria Guimaraes, and striker Tokelo Rantie, who scored twice in Uyo in November 2014. 
The bait used to tackle the rats was manufactured in Wisconsin, USA, and the three pilots who fly the project's helicopters are from New Zealand. A successful test run was completed in March 2011, and the second phase of the project in 2013 succeeded in removing invasive rodents from almost two-thirds of South Georgia. After the final baiting, which takes place during the island's brief sub-Antarctic summer, the South Georgia government and the Heritage Trust will monitor the island for two years for any sign of mice or rats. 
As one of the BBC's 100 Women 2015, she talks to Zeinab Badawi about justice, gender, and race. 
Finnish electricity company TVO says the Olkiluoto 3 plant will not be ready by the latest deadline of 2014 and a new timetable has not yet been set. In a statement, TVO said it was "not pleased with the situation" although solutions to various problems were being found one by one and work was "progressing". 
"Now I can go to Birmingham with the pressure off in terms of chasing the time." "The race was fast and I knew with about 800m to go that I'd get the national record. "But it was wet and the rain seemed to loosen them as the race went on. "With 400m to go I looked down and the right shoe was completely loose and my heel was in danger of coming free. 
Frank and Mary Finlay bought Molly in November 2015 thinking she was female. He mentioned it to the vet at Mr Allan's Pollokshaws surgery and they raised possibility of Molly being hermaphrodite. Mr Finlay says: "They did scans and x-rays and eventually she was operated on in May 2016 at six months old." "What transpired was that although Molly looked to be female, her urethra followed the route as though she was a boy. The vet says that as time went on Molly "was starting to get interested in soft cushions" and behave more like a male dog. The surgery removed the "vestigial" penis and created a female opening in Molly's groin. "That was quite frightening but she came through it," says Mrs Finlay. Mr Allan says: "Molly is Molly and she is happy and fit and healthy, that is the main thing." 
He followed his first-innings 108 with 105 not out, including a six and 11 fours, and shared a stand of 114 with Chesney Hughes (50). 
It joins the University of Southampton, which opened a campus on the same site in 2013. 
Stephen Clarke, 59, from Wednesbury, was on a petition in private before Sheriff Scott Pattison on a charge involving dangerous driving. 
The numbers come amid reports that Sina is planning to list Weibo in the US and that it plans to raise nearly $500m by selling Weibo shares. Mr Chao of Sina said the firm "will continue to focus on growing Weibo's user base and user engagement" in the current year. 
She said families of the victims were disappointed to learn of the incident. The footage and message were sent on social media to a colleague who reported the pair, she said. 
The Commission says Germany failed to apply an EU directive called MAC, which requires the use of a refrigerant "with less global warming potential". 
He has been criticised for using his wealth to try to silence the media by giving financial help to Mr Hogan and others that Gawker had written about. Now in an interview with the BBC, Mr Denton has said the venture capitalist and PayPal co-founder should accept that his position means he will be scrutinised in public. Mr Denton said the 2007 Gawker article was not the only reason Mr Thiel disliked the media. 
A Kensington Palace statement said they were prompted to take action after the man was spotted near the 14-month-old and his nanny in a central London park. Lawyers for the photographer, Niraj Tanna, said he had done nothing wrong and would continue with his work. The statement from the palace said there was "reason to suspect that the individual may have been placing Prince George under surveillance and monitoring his daily routines for a period of time." It adds: "He will continue to undertake his work with the concerns of the Prince's parents very much in mind." The statement from the Kensington Palace said: "The duke and duchess understand the particular public role that Prince George will one day inherit but while he is young, he must be permitted to lead as ordinary a life as possible." 
Writing in the Guardian, the PM and former TUC general secretary Brendan Barber said a vote to leave would be a "disaster for working people". The UK will vote on 23 June on whether to remain part of the EU. In her speech, Ms Patel will tell the Association of Licensed Multiple Retailers: "Following a vote to leave the EU, we could strip out EU laws that hold small firms back. 
Amateur rocket enthusiasts have gathered in Scotland to mark 30 years of aiming for the skies. 
Det Insp Larry Johnson, from Thames Valley Police, said: "I would also like to speak to anyone who was in the area of Witan Way, close to the entrance to Langdale Common and near a kebab van, as they may also have information which could assist our investigation." 
Sudanese papers are painting his return as the final nail in the ICC's coffin after years of failing to have him arrested. Al-Watan's editorial thanks South Africa and the AU for proving they are "strong willed in confronting the new colonialism." But a commentator in the Cape Argus paper is worried that South Africa's need to win friends and influence others in Africa is trumping its international obligations. "Hopefully, the courts remain the beacon of hope and ensure that South Africa is held to its international obligations, and that there are consequences for it not doing so. "This could not have happened without the complicity of the South African government, which deserves international condemnation," it says in an editorial. 
Alan McBride, from the victims' group Wave, said although police had acted within the law at the time, there was a "moral obligation" to inform relatives. Meanwhile, the mother of a murdered schoolgirl - who had consented to the retention of part of her daughter's body as part of the police investigation - said it was very important that families were told the truth. Mrs McAlorum said the PSNI had kept her family informed "every step of the way" and had fully explained the need to retain the teenager's head as evidence. Assistant Chief Constable George Hamilton said the PSNI had acted within the law and that all the items had been retained for "police purposes", but he admitted relatives should have been informed. He said police were satisfied that there was a "good reason" for retaining the items, a decision that was largely based on the judgement of pathologists. "One would be that it would assist or help us determine the precise cause of death, and the other one would be for evidential purposes," he said. 
The two-time world champion and team-mate Danielle Huskisson, who was 35th, will have a second opportunity to qualify for Rio at the Olympic qualification event in Portugal in June next year. "I'm technically old at 27 in the sport, but am still learning and trying out new things all of the time so I think there's a lot to build on from here." 
The nun became pregnant after she was raped by a man carrying out repairs at the convent. She alleges that, when her fellow sisters found out about her pregnancy, they pressured her to leave the convent and the Church. They lived and slept in the convent for the duration of the renovations and the nun was assigned to provide them with food. She alleges that they pressured her to leave the convent and the Church. 
Oshoala won both the Golden Boot and Golden Ball - as Player of the Tournament - at last year's Under-20 World Cup Finals, and becomes the first player from Africa to compete in the Women's Super League. "There's been plenty of other interest in her in the last few months, but she chose to join us and I'm absolutely delighted." "It was also a big incentive to be able to play in the Women's Champions League, which is a huge competition that I'm confident we can do well in." 
Leicester are the only other Premiership side not to have had a spare week all season. 
The report said there had been an influx of prisoners convicted of serious violent offences, and a large number of men who had to be separated from the rest for safety reasons, including gang affiliations. Mr Hardwick said Dovegate had struggled to respond to the "destabilising impact" of new psychoactive substances. 
I want to see the club back in the Football League as soon as possible and I'm confident that we can do that Conference general manager Dennis Strudwick said they did not want to expel any member club, but had to protect the integrity of the competition. They have to pay their football creditors and, thereafter, the board will consider its options. "I want to see the club back in the Football League as soon as possible and I'm confident that we can do that. 
He was also banned from driving for five years after admitting driving under the influence of drugs and possessing cannabis. In 2006 he was banned from driving for two years and sentenced to 100 hours of community service after he was convicted of driving while unfit through drugs. 
A 48-hour walkout was staged by security staff at 11 airports operated by Highlands and Islands Airports (Hial) last week as part of the industrial action, which saw flights cancelled at Dundee airport. He said: "We will submit a formal offer to the union this week which we hope will provide the basis for a meaningful, constructive dialogue. He said: "We look forward to receiving a written offer and entering into a constructive dialogue with Hial on the basis of this. 
The government has introduced two offences, stalking and stalking involving a fear of violence. After meeting victims and campaigners at Downing Street earlier this year, the prime minister described stalking as "an abhorrent crime" which "makes life a living hell for the victims". 
Stone said he would make a movie in India "if there was a great story". He said Indian cinema was "very prolific and vital" and that he had used that vitality in his 1994 film Natural Born Killers. Asked if he would make a movie in India, Stone said: "If there was a great story. 
The company made a pre-tax profit of Â£5.9m for the three months to March following strong sales of its new DB11 model launched late last year. 
The 28-year-old American became only the second player in history to average a triple-double for an entire season. Westbrook has had a record-breaking season becoming the first player since Oscar Robertson in 1962 to average a triple-double across the season. Among the night's other recipients at the first-ever NBA Awards, Mike D'Antoni was named Coach of the Year after leading Houston to 55 wins in his first season. 
Patricia Connors and her pet died after it ran on to the carriageway near Cardiff Gate services on Friday at about 18:20 BST. 
Throughout the 1970s and 80s, they operated an "abhorrent" predatory paedophile ring in the Wrexham area of north Wales. "That's the whole nature of a paedophile ring; they pick on people who have vulnerability, they don't necessarily have a very stable home life and people looking after them so they are prey to offenders of this nature. "But there's still much more to be done because the evidence is that there are hundreds and hundreds of people who've been abused that have never come forward, often abuse within their own families. Mr King and officers on the National Crime Agency's Operation Pallial team - set up in 2012 after Home Secretary Theresa May ordered an investigation into claims of previously overlooked child abuse in north Wales - have repeatedly paid tribute to the five victims. "No phone evidence, no CCTV, the usual supporting evidence is not available in a case of this nature so it comes down in the end to the oral testimony of the witnesses and of course the defendants have their say and it's for the jury to make up their mind whether they can be sure on the evidence they hear." The victims told the jury how they had been abused mostly at the home of Gary Cooke - also known as Mark Grainger - who has a string of sex convictions. They were taken into this network of people and it's been difficult to escape that cycle." He added: "They accessed their victims in a variety of ways. Some of the boys would then introduce their friends to the men. So the latest chapter in the scandal of child abuse in north Wales, both inside and outside the care system in the 70s and 80s, comes to a close. 
For the Scots and their much talked-about revival, this was perspective. It wasn't just a slap in the face, it was a kick to the solar plexus and a proper shoeing in the aftermath. They got over for their seventh try with the last play and they deserved it. For the Scots, it was a form of sporting torture. In this Six Nations there hasn't been much, if any, evidence of frailties in the Scotland midfield but Jones saw some and, Lord, how England executed. They threw a dummy runner at Alex Dunbar and Huw Jones, a little bit of deception that created a very large hole and the opening try for Jonathan Joseph. The might of Twickenham closed in on them. Brown came back on to the field, overthrew his first line-out and suddenly it was 13-0. Joseph raced through the Scottish midfield for a second one-phase try after 25 minutes and in that moment a giant jumbo jet appeared in the skies above Twickenham. Seymour went off, Duncan Weir came on and he became Scotland's third full-back of the day. Jones scored again and like a cat with a mouse England responded, Danny Care bringing up the half-century that put this victory into the history books. For the weary visitors, it was torture. In the end, it was their worst kind of nightmare. 
There have been a number of recent developments in relation to the M4. Leanne Wood also told me in an interview at the Plaid spring conference in Llanelli that she would refuse to consider any kind of deal with Labour, whether a formal coalition or an informal arrangement, so long as it was considering an investment of Â£1bn on the black route. The Conservatives have given us their pre-election position, which is not to have a position on whether it should be the blue or the black route. What's fascinating about the M4 relief road is that it stands in stark contrast to the metro rail scheme, which will form part of the new Cardiff city deal. 
One of the latest drone prototypes on show looks a bit like a helicopter and allows a passenger to sit inside of the drone. 
He said Wales, in terms of geography, was close to GCHQ's base in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, and could exploit its technology base and build on digital skills, offering local business opportunities. "It's really important everyone invests the time, energy and effort to focus on the topic," he said. "There are huge economic benefits in cyber security and we really want Wales to be at the heart of exploiting that. 
However, the new show is not envisaged as a successor to Top of the Pops and its top 40 format. BBC Music's Jan Younghusband suggested it would be a successor to one-off specials like Adele at the BBC and Michael Buble at the BBC. There should be a show like that and we'd love to be the ones to make it." The new BBC series will have Fulwell 73's Gabe Turner and former TFI Friday producer Suzi Aplin as executive producers, with more details to be announced in the summer. 
He was invited to audition for London's Royal Opera House in 1956, where he made his debut the following year. In 1958, he debuted at the Bayreuth Festival as Siegmund in Wagner's Die Walkuere (The Valkyrie), which launched his international career and become one of his signature roles. He achieved his greatest fame in the 1960s, as part of the Metropolitan Opera in New York, with his critically acclaimed performances of Tristan in Wagner's Tristan and Isolde and the eponymous Peter Grimes. 
"She came in, came up to the mess and had a cup of tea with the watch and then she joined us for the minute's silence. "We have had so much support for the local community and we cannot thank everyone enough." 
The women were taken into police custody last week in the run-up to International Women's Day on Sunday. The irony is that the activists were detained for trying to promote women's rights to mark International Women's Day. The campaigners held similar activities to mark International Women's Day in the past and faced no troubles. Women's rights are high on this year's agenda - with the legislative session expected to pass a landmark domestic violence law. Over the weekend, female representatives of the congress held a news conference on gender equality and women's rights issues in China. 
The voting project, called My Digital Rights, marks the 800th anniversary of Magna Carta and the 25th birthday of the world wide web. "It has been fascinating to see how the public's top clauses have compared to those of the thousands of students who have co-created this 'Magna Carta for the digital age'," says Sarah Shaw, the British Library's project manager of Magna Carta: My Digital Rights. "The project was conceived to encourage young people to think about issues of privacy, access and freedom, raised by Magna Carta, in the digital age. 
The Scottish Sentencing Council will look at crimes committed by young people, death by driving and environmental and wildlife offences. Lord Justice Clerk, Lady Dorrian, who chairs the council, said: "The topics we have selected to begin preparing guidelines on are of importance to local communities and families across Scotland. 
Match ends, Raith Rovers 1, Dumbarton 3. Second Half ends, Raith Rovers 1, Dumbarton 3. Foul by Ross Callachan (Raith Rovers). Foul by Rudi Skacel (Raith Rovers). Rudi Skacel (Raith Rovers) left footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Ryan Stevenson (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Jason Thomson (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick on the left wing. Ross Callachan (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Raith Rovers 1, Dumbarton 3. Foul by Kevin McHattie (Raith Rovers). Raith Rovers 1, Dumbarton 2. Foul by Ryan Hardie (Raith Rovers). Foul by Jason Thomson (Raith Rovers). Ross Matthews (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Raith Rovers 1, Dumbarton 1. 
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said: "Inquiries are ongoing and the death is currently being treated as unexplained. 
Five men and a teenager were arrested on suspicion of cannabis production after the midnight raid on Wednesday. There are 20 rooms in the building with almost every one converted for the wholesale production of cannabis plants, police said. 
If confirmed, the "exomoon" is likely to be about the size and mass of Neptune, and circles a planet the size of Jupiter but with 10 times the mass. To search for exomoons, researchers are looking for a dimming of starlight before and after the planet causes its dip in light. A current theory of planetary formation suggests such an object is unlikely to have formed in place with its Jupiter-mass planet, but would instead be an object captured by the gravity of the planet later on in the evolution of this planetary system. The researchers could find no predictions of a Neptune-sized moon in the literature, but Dr Kipping notes that nothing in physics prevents one. A handful of possible candidates have come to light in the past, but none as yet has been confirmed. 
Match ends, Blackburn Rovers 1, Norwich City 4. Second Half ends, Blackburn Rovers 1, Norwich City 4. Ben Marshall (Blackburn Rovers) wins a free kick on the left wing. Adam Henley (Blackburn Rovers) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Cameron Jerome (Norwich City). Shane Duffy (Blackburn Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Alex Pritchard (Norwich City). Anthony Stokes (Blackburn Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Blackburn Rovers. Jacob Murphy (Norwich City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Gordon Greer (Blackburn Rovers). Steven Naismith (Norwich City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Shane Duffy (Blackburn Rovers). Darragh Lenihan (Blackburn Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Cameron Jerome (Norwich City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Cameron Jerome (Norwich City). Darragh Lenihan (Blackburn Rovers) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
Mr Cameron said he had not heard the remark but he had little doubt about Britain's standing in the world and its outstanding contribution in a wide range of fields. "Britain is an island that has helped to clear the European continent of fascism and was resolute in doing that throughout World War II. He added: "For the people who live in Northern Ireland, I should say we are not just an island, we are a collection of islands. He repeated the speech at a press conference at the close of the two-day summit, adding in references to The Beatles, Shakespeare, Elgar and latest pop sensations One Direction. But the MP was slapped down by Mr Cameron, who told reporters in St Petersburg:  "I'm not a regular follower of Twitter, but insulting people should never have a part in foreign policy." 
"This is the best performance," he said. "I remember the first performance at Everton, the first half was very good, and we played well against Crystal Palace at home, but this is the best. "I'm very happy because it's my team, this is my team. Although that objective appears to have been achieved, the Italian said after the win against Chelsea: "This is not important now. 
The fire service said that the fire was "accidental" and was discovered in the flat's kitchen. 
