Dumfries and Galloway Council and Stena Line have entered into a partnership with the McKinney Group. <mask_1> Councillor Colin Smyth said the announcement was "another positive step forward" for the town. "The council has already invested around £4m to develop Agnew Park, the West Pier and sailing facilities as part of the overall vision for the waterfront," he said. "The redevelopment of the East Pier through private sector investment is the crucial next step for Stranraer. "We will also continue discussions with the Scottish government to seek support to enable the plans to become a reality." Speaking on behalf of Stena Line Ports Ltd, Les Stracey said the company was delighted to have reached a "significant milestone". Billy McKinney, of the McKinney Group, added: "We are delighted to have entered into an agreement with the partners. "From the outset we recognised the potential for this project to be transformational for Stranraer and the south west of Scotland. <mask_1>
The council gave the go-ahead for the £150m project at East Tullos last week. The incinerator would be used by Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire and Moray councils for non-recyclable waste, to reduce the amount sent to landfill. Four community councils raised concerns, but the Scottish government said it did not consider the proposal raised issues of national significance. <mask_1> It was given the go-ahead by the full city council  - by 23 votes to 14 - despite opposition from campaigners who said it could cause problems with pollution and increase traffic congestion on the already busy Wellington Road. The plant is due to open in 2021.
<mask_1> Twilio's platform that enables developers to incorporate phone calls and text messages into their apps. Shares were priced at $15 but closed at $28.19, valuing the company at more than $2bn. Its software is used by companies including OpenTable, WhatsApp and Uber, which uses the technology to withhold the actual mobile numbers of drivers when they call passengers. The appetite for Twilio shares has revived investors' hopes in the US technology sector. Analysts believe that its successful debut market could be a positive sign for other "unicorns" looking to go public. Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank, said: "[This year] has really been an arid desert in new issuance and equity ... I'm encouraged that the success here will spawn other IPOs [initial public offerings]."
The woman, in her 20s, was assaulted as she was walking along Rope Walk in Ipswich on 25 February. Ipswich Crown Court heard George-Hari Constantinescu and Danut Gheorghe, both 30, had prowled the streets for almost an hour before they attacked her. The pair denied the charge but were found guilty following a trial. Updates on this story and other Suffolk news <mask_1> Sentencing, Judge Rupert Overbury described the men as "predators" and said their actions were "callous". He said every woman should be able to "walk in every street, in every town, without the fear of being attacked". The court heard the men had decided to have sexual activity with a woman "whether or not she accepted" that night. <mask_1> They spotted their victim and "hunted her", attacking her when she was walking along Rope Walk between 03:10 and 03:30 GMT. Constantinescu and Gheorghe grabbed her, covered her mouth and dragged her into a nearby car park. They used what the judge described as "unnecessary violence" on the victim, who fell unconscious during the attack which lasted several minutes. Constantinescu and Gheorghe abandoned her, leaving her half naked and with significant injuries to her face and neck which required hospital treatment. <mask_1> The pair were arrested after Suffolk Constabulary released CCTV images.
<mask_1> Data revealing discussions within the Democratic Party was hacked earlier this year. Some states reported "probing" attempts made on "election-related" systems. However, officials said those attempts could not be directly linked to the Russian government. Russian officials told Interfax news agency the claims it was involved in the cyber attacks were "nonsense". <mask_1> "We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia's senior-most officials could have authorized these activities," they said. However, altering any actual ballots or election results would be "extremely difficult", they added, because of a decentralised system and multiple checks and balances. A number of embarrassing emails have come to light during the 2016 election campaign. In July, a hacker calling himself Guccifer 2.0 claimed responsibility for the release of documents from the Democratic Party. Gigabytes of files including emails and other documents that revealed the inner workings of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) were taken. At an early stage, many US officials linked the breach to Russia. At the time, Moscow denied any involvement and denounced the "poisonous anti-Russian" rhetoric from Washington. The leaked emails appeared to show that Democratic Party officials were biased against Bernie Sanders in his primary race against Mrs Clinton. The hack led to the resignation of the party chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz and sparked protests at the national convention in Philadelphia. <mask_1> "All of us should be gravely concerned when a foreign power like Russia seeks to undermine our democratic institutions," he said. He called for co-operation with "our European allies" to develop a response.
Two-man teams from 16 different nations will compete at St Albans' Centurion Club on 6-7 May for a prize fund of one million euros (£852,000). There will be amphitheatre-style stands around the tees plus music and pyrotechnics. Players will wear microphones and be encouraged to interact with fans. Tour chief executive Keith Pelley said the Tour was keen to "emulate" the Ryder Cup atmosphere. "We have said for some time that golf needs to modernise and introducing innovative new formats is a major part of achieving that," he said. "We want to broaden the appeal of our sport to the millennial demographic and I think this format will do that." <mask_1> <mask_1> Matches will be played in a greensomes, match-play format, with both players in a team hitting tee shots on each hole. After selecting the best tee shot, the players take alternate shots until the hole is completed. One point is awarded for each hole won, with the winner being the team with the most points after six holes. Countries will be represented by their leading ranked and available European Tour member as of 13 March, who will then choose a team-mate.
The Battle, also known as the Third Battle of Ypres, lasted from 31 July until November 1917, and led to the death, disappearance or wounding of 500,000 Allied and German soldiers. Colonel Richard Kemp, the former British army commander in Afghanistan, shared his tribute to his great uncle Second lieutenant Philip Duncan, who was killed in the battle. 2nd Lt Philip Duncan was killed in action near Poelcapelle in Belgium during the Second Battle of Passchendaele on 30 October 1917 at the age of 26. He died leading his men in battle just 21 days after joining his battalion on the Western Front. Matt Pitcher remembered his great-grandfather, Sergeant William John Timbley, fought in the battle and survived to tell his story. Matt told the BBC his great-grandfather was a career solider with the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Private Barnett served in the 12th Battalion Royal Sussex Regiment after a spell at the 9th Battalion. "It is hard to imagine what he went through, surviving Boar's Head and the Battle of the Somme," said Sam. "It's easy for us to think of the casualties as just numbers of soldiers but, to Walter, they would have been his local shopkeepers, neighbours, and friends." <mask_1> Kelly was born in Newcastle-upon-Tyne in 1897. He attempted to sign up for service with local military units, but he was rejected so he went to Randalstown in Ireland to enlist with the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers. His body was never recovered. His name is commemorated in Tyne Cot Cemetery alongside 35,000 other missing soldiers. Paul Brown shared the story of his great-grandfather, Richardson Robson Flinn. He served with the Northumberland Fusiliers Labour Corps in 1914, then aged 22. He was gassed during fighting in 1915 and recuperated in Britain before going back to the frontline at Passchendaele. "Richardson made it almost to the German lines before being felled by gunfire, and lay wounded in a shell hole," said Paul. "Once the initial chaos had subsided, German officers emerged waving red cross flags. One German gave Richardson some water from his canteen. Eventually, the wounded from both sides were evacuated. "Richardson was discharged in December 1917 with a disability shot wound, although it was the gas that had done the worst damage. "He returned home, but never fully recovered his health, and died young. Unfortunately, none of his living relatives ever got the chance to know him." <mask_1> Gunner William Potterton enlisted for service on 11 July 1916 and served with the 72nd battery Royal Field Artillery. He was killed in action on 19 October 1917. He has no known grave and his memory is also commemorated at the Tyne Cot Cemetery. Complied by Paul Harrison, UGC and Social news team
<mask_1> A Boscombe player squared up to an opponent after a dispute over "bowls etiquette", reports the Bournemouth Echo. Other Boscombe players then conceded. It meant Waverley retained the men's county champions title. Waverley secretary Peter Aldridge said both clubs were "mortified by the behaviour". He said he had been told by members who were present that the player, in his 30s, was hurt after the argument blew up during the final and a headbutt was attempted. Mr Aldridge said: "Bowls has changed over the years - people do get excited but this was not acceptable. "It doesn't represent the attitude of Boscombe Cliff and is not representative of the game." Boscombe Cliff Bowls Club has declined to comment. <mask_1> Secretary Spencer Kerley said: "I am awaiting statements from the two clubs and from the county officers that were present before inviting the county to consider what further action may be necessary." A Hampshire Constabulary spokeswoman said it had not been reported to police.
The 36-year-old is due to appear at Edinburgh Sheriff Court after a gun was fired in Dalkeith in the early hours of Sunday morning. No-one was injured and police said it did not appear any damage was caused to the property on Woodburn Road. Searches took place on Meadowfield Terrace in Edinburgh and Kippielaw Steading in Dalkeith on Monday in connection with the investigation. A firearm has since been recovered. <mask_1> "Nevertheless, we fully appreciate the impact this had on the local community and extensive inquiries were launched along with dedicated high-visibility patrols. "A swift arrest has now been made and I want to thank residents for their assistance and support. "Offences involving firearms will not be tolerated and should such crimes occur we will use all resources at our disposal to bring anyone found to be involved to justice."
An Icelandic court found him guilty of market manipulation in the lead up to the 2008 financial crisis. "This sentence is a big surprise to me as I did not nothing wrong," Sigurjon Arnason told Reuters. The former chief executives of Iceland's two other big banks, Glitnir and Kaupthing, have already received jail sentences. The three banks imploded in 2008 after acquiring assets worth approximately 10 times the size of Iceland's economy. A Reykjavik court said that nine months of Mr Arnason's sentence would be suspended. Two of his colleagues - Ivar Gudjonsson, a former director of proprietary trading, and Julius Heidarsson, a banker - were also convicted and sentenced to nine months in prison, of which six months would be suspended. Unlike other Western countries, Iceland has pursued prison sentences for the chief executives and others who were involved in the 2008 financial crisis. <mask_1> The country's former prime minister, Geir Haarde, was also found guilty of negligence leading up to the crisis but was not given a jail term.
Christie, 20, signed from Inverness Caledonian Thistle in September, and featured from the bench against his former side on Saturday. "Because it's such a big squad, there's so much competition, it's going to be frustrating at times," he said. <mask_1> It is an altogether different dynamic than that which faced the midfielder in the Highlands, where he proved one of John Hughes' pivotal players. "That was one of the things I thought about when I moved," Christie told BBC Scotland. "I wasn't going to be straight into the starting 11; I had to almost start from scratch again. "But I'm delighted I've eventually started making appearances on the park." Celtic recovered from a shaky first half at Parkhead to put Caley Thistle to the sword 3-0 after the break "It was very strange playing against old team mates," said Christie. "Nice to see them again and I wish them all the best in the future. I spent many good years at Inverness, but it's time to move on now. <mask_1> We regrouped a bit at half-time and showed we were definitely the better team. "I think in front of goal we were more clinical, which can prove vital in these games."
At countless UN climate meetings, Mr De Brum was a passionate champion of the rights of small island states. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> When he was nine years old he witnessed one such detonation, while fishing with his grandfather around 200 miles away. The resulting destruction of the atolls, the evacuation of many islanders as a result of the atomic tests became a hotly contested political issue. The islander's push for independence and compensation played a large part in Tony De Brum's political awakening. As one of the Islands' first university graduates, Mr De Brum was heavily involved in the negotiations with the US that resulted in an agreement on independence and compensation signed in 1986. However it was the threat of rising seas and a changing climate became the key issues of his time as a Marshall Islands foreign minister. In the Paris climate negotiations, his warm, personal and relaxed style was very much in contrast to the stiffer, greyer faces of some teams. He used his charm to build strong personal relationships with many of the political leaders from rich and poor countries alike. This helped create the "coalition of high ambition," a group that ultimately involved around 100 nations, including the US, the EU, African, Caribbean and island states. This alliance of rich and poor proved critical in pushing the deal through. The biggest win from Mr De Brum's perspective, was that the Paris agreement committed to  the goal of keeping global temperature increases close to 1.5C - "1.5 to stay alive," was a phrase often used by Mr De Brum. Tributes to the former minister have been led by the Marshall Islands' President Hilda Heine. <mask_1> "He was a giant of history, a legend in every meaning of the world and a custodian of our shared future." Others took to Twitter to extend their sympathies. End of Twitter post  by @CFigueres End of Twitter post  by @edking_I End of Twitter post  by @ronny_jumeau End of Twitter post  by @billmckibben
<mask_1> The vessel, built in 1817, is being incorporated into the new National Museum of the Royal Navy (NMRN). The journals have been sitting in Royal Navy archives in Portsmouth for the past 150 years. Built in India in 1817, HMS Trincomalee was brought to Hartlepool in 1987, where it took more than 10 years to restore. It is now the main attraction at Hartlepool's Maritime Experience and attracts 54,000 visitors a year. Bryn Hughes, general manager of the HMS Trincomalee Trust said: "The positive links with the NMRN in Portsmouth will heighten public awareness of HMS Trincomalee. "It is a wonderful long-term scheme following hard on the profile of the recent Tall Ships Races so successfully staged in Hartlepool." The rarely seen journals will eventually be included in the static Trincomalee exhibition in Hartlepool. One journal dates from 1852 and was kept by midshipman William Dawson. It contains a detailed log and tracking maps of the journeys that HMS Trincomalee took during that period. Dr Dominic Tweddle, director general of the NMRN, said: "The opportunity to welcome HMS Trincomalee as a part of the museum means that the story of the Royal Navy, its ships and its people can now be told on a national scale." <mask_1> It was stationed in West Hartlepool between 1862 and 1877 as a training ship.
5 April 2017 Last updated at 17:31 BST It is being fought between soldiers who support the president of Syria, Bashar al-Assad, and different groups of fighters known as rebels, who don't want him to be in power anymore. This week, world leaders have been reacting in shock after what's believed to be a chemical weapons attack happened there - killing at least 72 people. The UK, a rebel commander and a weapons expert all said the evidence pointed to an attack by Syrian government forces. <mask_1> Watch Jenny's report to find out what exactly chemical weapons are.
He has been shortlisted for the children's book award for The Rest of Us Just Live Here, which follows the lives of a group of teenagers. Francis Hardinge, who won the Costa Book of the Year award for The Lie Tree, is also shortlisted. Three illustrators are also in with a chance of winning the Kate Greenaway Medal for a record third time. <mask_1> Browne first won the medal in 1983, while Riddell won for the first time in 2001. Hardinge's Victorian murder mystery joins Lies We Tell Ourselves, author Robin Talley's first book which tells of two teenage girls falling in love across the race divide in 1950s America. Sarah Crossan's One, about conjoined twins; Marcus Sedgwick's The Ghosts of Heaven, which looks at the search for the true meaning of life; Jenny Valentine's Fire Colour One, which looks at issues of authenticity and honesty; Kate Saunders's Five Children on the Western Front, about the impact of war on a family; and Nick Lake's There Will Be Lies, which sees a young girl reassessing her identity, make up the shortlist. Sioned Jacques, chair of the judging panel for both awards, said: "These exceptionally strong shortlists reflect the huge range of writing and illustrating talent in children's publishing at the moment. "The lists are a true celebration of the longevity of these wonderful talents, with Helen Oxenbury and Anthony Browne showing that they are still delivering incredible work decades after first winning a medal." • One by Sarah Crossan • The Lie Tree by Frances Hardinge • There Will Be Lies by Nick Lake • The Rest of Us Just Live Here by Patrick Ness • Five Children on the Western Front by Kate Saunders • The Ghosts of Heaven by Marcus Sedgwick • Lies We Tell Ourselves by Robin Talley • Fire Colour One by Jenny Valentine <mask_1> <mask_1> • Once Upon an Alphabet illustrated and written by Oliver Jeffers • Sam & Dave Dig a Hole illustrated by Jon Klassen, written by Mac Barnett <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> • Footpath Flowers illustrated by Sydney Smith, written by JonArno Lawson CILIP president Dawn Finch said: "We are without doubt in a golden age of children's books. From stories set in Victorian times and World War One to a modern day library, from fantasy worlds to the future, these shortlists showcase the enormous talent and unlimited imagination currently to be found in children's storytelling." The winners for the two medals will be announced on 20 June at the British Library. The Kate Greenaway Medal winner has been awarded the £5,000 Colin Mears Award cash prize since 2000 - this year, the Carnegie Medal winner will also be awarded the same amount, from the same fund. One title from each shortlist will also win the Amnesty CILIP honour, which is a new commendation for a book which celebrates freedom.
14 March 2016 Last updated at 15:10 GMT <mask_1> Produced by Vikas Pandey, filmed and edited by Devashish Kumar
The duo were among seven Cameroon players who said they did not want to play in the tournament, which starts in Gabon on 14 January. They could have been banned from club football during the competition. <mask_1> Cameroon, who are coached by Belgian Hugo Broos, have been drawn in Group A with hosts Gabon, Burkina Faso and Guinea-Bissau. Right-back Nyom told Broos he wanted to stay at West Brom to keep his place in the team. Bournemouth striker Benik Afobe has also withdrawn from DR Congo's squad. Full Cameroon squad: Ondoa, Goda, Mbokwe, Mabouka, Nkoulou, Oyongo, Djeitei, Collins, Ngadeu Ngadjui, Teikeu, Ngwem, Siani, Mandjeck, Djoum, Boya, Aboubakar, Moukandjo, Zoua, Salli, Toko-Ekambi, Njie ,Ndip Tambe, Bassogog.
Officers have been searching for the 36-year-old, from Petworth in West Sussex, since 22:00 BST on Thursday. Ms Weeks, who is known for her role in the ITV drama, was last seen an hour earlier 14 miles away in Chichester. <mask_1> She had recently told family and friends she was feeling anxious. Det Kate Wilt said: "If you read this Honeysuckle, please get in touch to let us know you are ok. "Although she travels around a lot and has links in London and has family in Wiltshire, it is unlike her not to be in touch with family." Earlier this year the actress was reportedly ordered to wear an electronic tag after she was caught speeding on the A3 in south-west London in August 2015. <mask_1> Her agency The Artists Partnership said it was currently "unable to get hold of Honeysuckle". She recently finished work on shooting Lewis for ITV and a Sky mystery The Five. As well as starring as Samantha Stewart in drama Foyle's War, she has also appeared in The Bill, The Inspector Lynley Mysteries and Death In Paradise. The Cardiff-born actress is described as around 5ft 4in (1.62m) with cropped gingery blonde hair. She was last seen wearing a blue anorak and faded blue jeans.
The group of boys and girls, aged between 11 and 14, were reported missing after failing to return to the Carrbridge area. A Coastguard helicopter found the group waving and flashing lights at a remote bothy. As the helicopter crew approached them, one of the group asked: "Are we in trouble." The scouts were on a practice hike for an award, with adult supervisors waiting for them to return. When the got lost, they made their way to a remote bothy on the River Dulnain, seven miles from their original camp at Sluggan Bridge. They had lit a fire inside the building to keep warm when it turned dark and the weather began to get colder. Aircraft captain Simon Hammock said: "They had travelled a significant distance across uneven ground, and as the weather deteriorated had elected to seek shelter in a bothy. "Their scouting training had been put to good use and had ultimately ensured their safety." <mask_1> A great result." The scouts were airlifted back to Sluggan Bridge. <mask_1> Insp Mike Middlehurst, of Police Scotland, said: "This was a very well co-ordinated operation and we are very grateful to our partners, especially Cairngorm Mountain Rescue Team and the local estate staff, whose local knowledge and expertise helped locate the children quickly and safely. "The group was well equipped with maps, food and water and thankfully they did the right thing by seeking shelter in the bothy which helped with finding them."
The fee will also apply to UK-based lorries - but this will be offset by an equivalent cut in vehicle excise duty. <mask_1> The AA said it was concerned the system could lead to a universal road charging scheme for all motorists. The government will publish draft legislation next month and ministers said the charge would be brought in by the end of the current parliament at the latest. The amount of the charge would depend on the size of the vehicle and is expected to raise a total of £20m a year. <mask_1> "It is simply not right that foreign lorries do not pay to use our roads, when our trucks invariably have to fork out when travelling to the continent. "By introducing charges we will create a level playing field, increasing UK competitiveness and boosting growth." British hauliers who operate in Europe face a variety of road tolls and charges while continental lorries can use British roads for free. Road Haulage Association chief executive Geoff Dunning said it was a "happy day" for the industry. "We have been campaigning for years to see a system introduced which will lessen the financial advantage currently enjoyed by our European neighbours," he said. "UK hauliers travelling to mainland Europe have to pay road charges but foreign-registered vehicles travelling to the UK pay nothing."
3 February 2017 Last updated at 17:45 GMT Coral reefs are big underwater structures. <mask_1> They're normally found in bright, clear water, like the Great Barrier Reef near Australia, so finding one in the muddy Amazon was a big surprise! As well as being beautiful, reefs are very important, because different types of fish and underwater animals live there. Scientists have been using mini-submarines to explore the reef, and they're hoping to find new species. Greenpeace, who are a group who campaign to protect the environment, say that it's important to look after the reef. Footage courtesy of Greenpeace.
Smith feels the Scottish Professional Football League should exert some influence with main sponsor Ladbrokes. <mask_1> "The game needs investment and finance to improve, so I'm sure nothing will change," he said. <mask_1> "I will bring the matter up at the next meeting with the league but I'm pretty sure they will say that there is little they can do about it." The SPFL said such betting activity was "nothing new". Smith, a player in the 1950s and 60s, began his managerial career at Stenhousemuir before spells in charge of Stirling Albion, St Mirren, Aberdeen, Clyde, Dundee United and Ross County. Motherwell and Baraclough parted company on Wednesday with the Steelmen third bottom of the Scottish Premiership and having been knocked out of the Scottish League Cup by Greenock Morton on Tuesday. Odds on how likely each Premiership manager was to be dismissed were publicised earlier in the week. "The market offering the odds on the next manager to leave a club is nothing new and indeed existed a long time prior to the SPFL welcoming Ladbrokes as its title sponsor," said an SPFL spokesman. "This sponsorship received unanimous approval from member clubs in June. Clubs all across the world have their own in-house agreements with bookmakers who promote similar offers." Meanwhile, Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald does not foresee an end to bets on manager sackings. <mask_1> "I don't think there's any way they'll change it." Thistle are still looking for their first win of the season and have failed to score in eight of their nine matches but Archibald claims he does not look at the bookmakers' odds on him losing his job. "There's no point," he explained. "I don't think you'd sleep at night if you worried about things like that. <mask_1> That's the game we're in always knowing that's what happens. "Every manager knows if you don't start well you'll be under pressure."
<mask_1> <mask_1> Learning disability charity Mencap said it was disgusted and horrified at Mr Clark's personal manifesto. UKIP said Thursday's ballot paper would still list him as its candidate but, pending an investigation, he would not be a UKIP councillor. Chartered accountant Mr Clark, 66, who is also standing for Meopham North ward on Gravesham Borough Council in Thursday's by-election, says on his website his comments are personal and do not reflect UKIP policy. He calls for a national debate and an urgent government review of the NHS, which he says "risks becoming unaffordable in the future". The review should look at "compulsory abortion when the foetus is detected as having Down's, spina bifida or similar syndrome which, if it is born, could render the child a burden on the state as well as on the family". He says the review should also look at medical treatment for those aged over 80, "which is disproportionately costly to the NHS" and might also include "legalising euthanasia and giving free euthanasia advice to all folk over 80". He told the BBC: "I don't intend to offend. "What I am trying to do is to provoke a debate in the nation because I am so disenchanted with our politicians." Mark Goldring, chief executive of Mencap, said: "Much has been written about the Paralympics this summer changing attitudes towards disabled people for the better. "Yet in the very same year, a council candidate has proposed forced eugenics against disabled people. "It is abhorrent that Geoffrey Clark sees disabled people solely as a burden when people with a learning disability lead full lives and make valuable contributions to their communities and families. "We question if he is fit for public office." Mr Clark, who describes himself as a member of Meopham Parochial Church Council, Rotary International, the Royal British Legion and the Youth Hostels Association, says population, immigration and threats to the green belt are linked issues close to his heart. If elected, he promises to promote the Christian ethic and British culture, roll back Islam, contain UK population growth and restrict immigration. <mask_1> "The party was not aware of these views when it allowed him to stand under our name," he said. <mask_1> "We would like to apologise to anyone who has suffered distress as a result of this matter."
He said he supports devolution but is "not enthusiastic" about further powers coming to Wales. Speaking on BBC's The Wales Report programme, Mr Gill said the assembly's current powers have been "badly used". He also said local parties will decide who represents UKIP in May's Welsh assembly election. Mr Gill was responding to suggestions that former  Tory MPs Neil Hamilton and Mark Reckless were set to be imposed as candidates by the party centrally. "As a principle, I think that it's madness to have people standing who the local party don't want to stand for them. "Which is why the local party will now decide who represents them," he said. <mask_1> "We want to be a constructive part of the assembly," he added. "We want to be there to get the voices and the views of those people who vote for us heard and we need to make sure that people start to believe in this institution for the right reasons."
Willie Cameron, who runs a range of hospitality businesses in the Highlands, believes the fact that the pound tanked against the Euro following the EU referendum has benefited the sector in the short-term. But its long-term repercussions are more uncertain. <mask_1> Mr Cameron said: "In the short term it's extremely good as far as the tourism industry is concerned. "However, in the long term we don't know what's going to happen and this is where the big question mark regarding tourism generally is concerned - we're entering very, very uncertain times." Any potential investment in the industry is being "put on the back burner", he added. "There are no decisions being made, there's no indication of decisions being made, it is very worrying." Part of that uncertainty surrounds the attitude of potential EU visitors. Would they really turn their backs on the UK as a holiday destination as a recent poll suggests? <mask_1> "Effectively we were saying, 'We don't want to play' and therefore, of course, there will be a number of people who will say, 'Right, well if you don't want to be part of our great economic experiment, then we don't want to come on holiday to your country'. <mask_1> "It's very unlikely that the traditional Scottish markets will need that but it might deter some people." <mask_1> Increasingly, the staff serving them in the cafes and making the beds in the hotels are from other EU states, especially eastern and central Europe. Restaurant worker Erik Harrmann, from the Czech Republic, said he was shocked and baffled by the Brexit vote. "I was surprised. We all thought that Britain would remain. Yes, it was like shock for us, for all of us," he said. His colleague, Julie Barbusinova, added: "I was so sad. Everybody was sad in work." Many observers reckon foreign seasonal workers are the backbone of the tourist industry here. George Stone runs a programme which has brought hundreds into the Highlands in recent years and he has real concerns about what might happen if there is a hard-line approach to such immigration. <mask_1> "And it's not just in the unskilled jobs that don't require a language, but the waitresses and, to an increasing extent, the people in the kitchen, not just washing the dishes but preparing the meals, are coming from Europe, particularly the central European countries. "There are going to be two sets of losers. First of all, the young, dynamic people from places like the Czech Republic but also my friends, the hotel owners and managers here in the north of Scotland. "It will be difficult for them to replace the staff from other sources." The Scottish tourist trade is just one sector still trying to find out what exactly Brexit will mean for them.
The prescriptions could provide free visits to national parks or gardening sessions at National Trust properties, for example. A small number of GPs already do this. The LGA says it needs to become universal policy to tackle the nation's obesity crisis. It's calling on NHS Clinical Commissioning Groups to drive the initiative forward. In Dorset, doctors already prescribe walks, conservation work, gardening and sailing. East Riding of Yorkshire Council has developed an IT system which links up GPs with leisure centres so they can book patients directly on to exercise plans. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> The Royal College of General Practitioners said any decision to invest in social prescribing schemes, and roll them out more widely, must not be an alternative to investing in general practice services. Spokesman Dr Steve Mowle said: "Social prescribing schemes can certainly be beneficial to a patient's overall health and wellbeing - as some pilots have shown - but to be effective, there needs to be better integration between health and community services, so that GPs and our teams can signpost our patients most appropriately." One in four women and one in five men in England do less than 30 minutes of moderate physical activity per week - way below the recommended amount of 150 minutes per week. Physical activity can help to prevent and manage over 20 chronic conditions and diseases, including some cancers, heart disease, type 2 diabetes and depression. People who do regular physical activity have: Source: NHS Choices
Five-month-old Jack McLaren, from Newbury in Berkshire, died in hospital on 4 June, two days after an alleged attack. <mask_1> He appeared at Reading Crown Court via video link from prison earlier and entered a not guilty plea. A trial has been scheduled to begin on 22 January 2018.
Media playback is not supported on this device Evans went close for Chesterfield early on before the visitors went ahead midway through the first half when Jay O'Shea calmly slotted in from close range from Kristian Dennis' threaded pass. Sam Walker pushed away O'Shea's low effort soon after, but Kurtis Guthrie's diving header flashed inches wide and Drey Wright was denied by keeper Ryan Fulton. Colchester needed just 53 seconds to equalise after the interval when substitute Tarique Fosu netted with his first touch after coming on with a low finish, after the ball had broken to him in the area. Colchester captain Luke Prosser's header from Wright's corner then rattled the bar. But Chesterfield restored their advantage six minutes into the second half through Evans, who emphatically volleyed home after Tom Anderson had nodded on a free-kick in the area. Guthrie was later denied by Fulton but Chesterfield claimed a narrow victory. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Colchester United 1, Chesterfield 2. Second Half ends, Colchester United 1, Chesterfield 2. <mask_1> Foul by Jay O'Shea (Chesterfield). Foul by Richard Brindley (Colchester United). <mask_1> Attempt saved. Macauley Bonne (Colchester United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner. <mask_1> Foul by Ched Evans (Chesterfield). <mask_1> Foul by Denny Johnstone (Colchester United). Substitution, Colchester United. Louis Dunne replaces Alex Wynter. <mask_1> Foul by Connor Dimaio (Chesterfield). Attempt saved. Macauley Bonne (Colchester United) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Foul by Kurtis Guthrie (Colchester United). <mask_1> <mask_1> Foul by Tom Anderson (Chesterfield). Corner,  Chesterfield. Conceded by Alex Wynter. Substitution, Chesterfield. Liam Graham replaces Kristian Dennis. Substitution, Colchester United. Macauley Bonne replaces Sammie Szmodics. Foul by Gary Liddle (Chesterfield). Tarique Fosu-Henry (Colchester United) wins a free kick on the left wing. Dion Donohue (Chesterfield) wins a free kick on the right wing. Kurtis Guthrie (Colchester United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Kurtis Guthrie (Colchester United). Attempt blocked. Craig Slater (Colchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Foul by Connor Dimaio (Chesterfield). <mask_1> Foul by Gary Liddle (Chesterfield). <mask_1> Delay in match Ched Evans (Chesterfield) because of an injury. <mask_1> Foul by Alex Wynter (Colchester United). Substitution, Chesterfield. Jon Nolan replaces Liam O'Neil because of an injury. Attempt missed. Kristian Dennis (Chesterfield) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Attempt blocked. Kristian Dennis (Chesterfield) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Attempt saved. Kurtis Guthrie (Colchester United) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. <mask_1>
Malcolm Roberts, from the far-right party One Nation, said he was "very confident" he could prove he was not a dual citizen. Under Australia's constitution, a person cannot run for federal office if they hold dual or plural citizenship. Three politicians have quit as a row over dual citizenship has intensified. <mask_1> <mask_1> He said he wrote three times to British authorities saying: "I believe I am not a British and just in case though, if I am, then I renounce it effective immediately." Senator Roberts said he received formal registration of his status from British authorities on December 5, 2016 - five months after the federal election. "I've taken all steps that I reasonably believe necessary," Senator Roberts told Sky News. The senator has previously confirmed on social media that he was not an Indian citizen. <mask_1> The politician has been under pressure to reveal his status following the resignation of two deputy Greens leaders, Scott Ludlam and Larissa Waters, who were both dual nationals. This week, Matthew Canavan also quit as Australia's Minister for Resources and Northern Australia because he faces legal questions over his Italian citizenship. The Section 44 (Disqualification) states that any person who "is under any acknowledgment of allegiance, obedience, or adherence to a foreign power, or is a subject or a citizen or entitled to the rights or privileges of a subject or a citizen of a foreign power... shall be incapable of being chosen or of sitting as a senator or a member of the House of Representatives". This is interpreted by the High Court of Australia as meaning that persons with dual citizenship are not permitted to run for office. Yes. Dual nationals cannot be elected to parliament in Armenia, Egypt or the Philippines. In Israel, a person must renounce his or her other citizenship to be sworn is as a member of Knesset (parliament). In New Zealand, serving lawmakers run the risk of losing their seat if they renew non-New Zealand passports.
Back-rower Kalamafoni, 29, and flanker Ryan, 27, will be joined by Joe Ford, 26, and Jonah Holmes, 24, who have been signed from Yorkshire Carnegie. Fly-half Ford is the brother of Leicester's England star George. The versatile Holmes began his career at Wasps, while Ryan has made one appearance for Ireland, in 2014. Kalamafoni has played in two World Cups for Tonga and made more than 100 appearances during his five-year stay at Gloucester. <mask_1> "It is obviously a big club with a lot of history and I'm looking forward to playing my part there."
Jacqueline Sauvage suffered decades of abuse and became a cause celebre, prompting a campaign for her release. <mask_1> He has now given Ms Sauvage a complete pardon and she was freed from jail early on Wednesday evening. Now aged 69, she had been serving a 10-year sentence at Reau prison, to the south-east of Paris. <mask_1> This pardon puts an immediate end to her detention," the president tweeted. In a further statement from the Elysee Palace, he said he felt her place was with her family and not in jail. A car carrying Ms Sauvage and her three daughters was seen leaving Reau prison soon afterwards. Campaigners were overjoyed by the news. But Virginie Duval, the head of the French union of magistrates, complained that the president had acted "to please public opinion", pointing out that the judiciary had followed the law when it rejected Ms Sauvage's appeals. Read more on the Sauvage case: Should presidents pardon? In August, a local court rejected a plea for parole and its ruling was backed up last month by the court of appeal in Paris. Ms Sauvage's daughters had fought for her release ever since she was jailed in 2014, insisting that she had been brutally treated throughout her marriage by her husband Norbert Marot. When her son committed suicide, she picked up a gun the following day and shot him. Justifying its decision to reject her application for parole in August, the local court at Melun explained that Ms Sauvage had not done enough to show remorse. She could not expect to live in an environment which, because of the media coverage of her case, "would risk maintaining her in the position of victim". But Ms Sauvage's case attracted the support of 434,000 people who signed an internet petition as well as dozens of MPs, from both left and right. <mask_1> <mask_1> His final decision called for her immediate release.
Robertson, 26, took gold in 6.57 seconds, with Theo Etienne second and 38-year-old Dwain Chambers third. James Dasaolu, 2016's winner, and CJ Ujah did not attend the event at Sheffield's English Institute of Sport. Asha Philip comfortably retained the women's 60m crown in 7.19 seconds. Kilty, who took the world 60m title in Prague in 2015, ran the fastest time in the heats, but again bowed out before the final due to a clear false start. <mask_1> <mask_1> "This time I stupidly, more than trying to win the race, was chasing a really fast time. "I've never won a national championships, I've won everything else and I just don't understand - honestly I'm just baffled. I've just been stupid." However, Robertson told BBC Radio 5 live that Kilty's disqualification had no bearing on his victory. "I was very, very confident of the win, even if Kilty was in it I knew I could win," he said. Philip - who beat Dina Asher-Smith to claim her first title last year - was not faced with her rival this time round, and raced clear of the field to win with ease. The victory has also secured her automatic selection for March's European Indoors in Belgrade. <mask_1> Andrew Pozzi ran 7.44 seconds to equal the fastest indoor 60m hurdles of the year and remain British champion. Eilish McColgan pipped her Scottish compatriot Steph Twell to the women's 3,000m title on the final straight, while Morgan Lake and Beth Partridge decided to share the high jump title after it went to a jump-off. The 200m and 400m races will be held on Sunday, as well as the men's 800m and 3,000m finals, streamed live via BBC Sport on connected TV and online from 11:55 GMT.
The seventh seeds beat Koreans Kim Gi Jung and Shin Seung Chan 21-12 21-16 at the Barclaycard Arena. In the last eight on Friday, the Adcocks face Indonesia's Tontowi Ahmed and Liliyana Natsir, who beat them at the same stage last year. The husband-and-wife pair have never reached the last four of the Championships. "It's another quarter-final here and that's an amazing feeling, but we do want to go that step further," said Gabby Adcock, who lost 21-19 with Chris in the final set to Ahmed and Natsir in 2015. "We know it's tough. We had a close match last year but we are going to go out there and give our everything." <mask_1> Ellis and Langridge will play top seeds Lee Yong Dae and Yoo Yoo Seong, also of Korea, for a place in the semi-finals.
They are looking for chains of depressions known as catenae. <mask_1> The Open University team is examining pictures returned from the US space agency's (Nasa) Messenger probe. This satellite, which is expected to end operations on Thursday with a crash of its own on to Mercury, has already revealed some extraordinary insights into the planet's past relationship with comets. Many of the ices and other volatile compounds seen in permanently shadowed craters at the poles were most probably delivered by the frozen wanderers. Likewise, the blackened hue of some surface deposits may indicate a dusting of carbon-rich material derived from comets that have hit Mercury. Given its position so close to the Sun, one would expect the planet to have been pelted by the countless icy dirt-balls that routinely get drawn in to graze our star. <mask_1> Something very similar is seen out at Jupiter where comets that have got too close to the gas giant will crumble and then sequentially splatter its moons. <mask_1> Many of the catenae are unarguably the result of debris that was flung out of primary impact bowls (dug out by intact colliding comets or asteroids).  These ejecta strings form radial patterns that can be traced back to an obvious source. <mask_1> They appear isolated. <mask_1> More seem to point north-south than east-west. If confirmed, this may say something about the early population of comets in the Solar System. "It could be that we're seeing the north-south ones more easily because of the direction of sunlight, but these are pretty big features - kind of hard to miss," explained Prof Rothery. "If there are genuinely more catenae orientated north-south than east-west, it's suggesting that if they're produced by tidally disrupted comets then the comets that were hitting Mercury more than three billion years ago had orbits tilted at more or less ninety degrees to the plane of Mercury's orbit." The idea is somewhat speculative at the moment, but fascinating nonetheless. Although the image stream from Messenger is about to end, the next probe to Mercury is already under construction. BepiColombo is a joint venture between the European and Japanese space agencies. Its mission will launch in 2017 and arrive in orbit in 2024. Prof Rothery is the lead co-investigator on Bepi's Mercury Imaging X-ray Spectrometer (MIXS), which has been designed by a team at Leicester University. He presented his and Fegan's catenae research at the recent European Geosciences Union General Assembly in Vienna, Austria. Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
<mask_1> Sunni Arabs face discrimination from Iraqi authorities and other groups who accuse them of supporting IS, it added. In October, Amnesty International raised concerns over "war crimes" by Kurdish fighters in northern Syria. <mask_1> "Reports indicate that Iraqi security forces and Kurdish security forces and their respected affiliated militias have been responsible for looting and destruction of property belonging to Sunni Arab communities, forced evictions, abductions, illegal detention and, in some cases, extrajudicial killings," UN spokeswoman Cecile Pouilly said. "We have received reports as well about their limited access to basic services and essential goods, such as water, food, shelter and medical care," she added. Ms Pouilly said the UN had also received reports of 16 mass graves containing the bodies of those killed by IS - but added it was unclear how many bodies were in the graves. Her office has called on Iraq's government to investigate, she told reporters. Sinjar, in northern Iraq, was liberated from IS in mid-November. The militant group captured the town in 2014, killing and capturing thousands of Yazidis. Sunni Arab communities left behind now face accusations of sympathy for IS, according to the UN.
Met Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said the activity would be led by Portuguese police with the involvement of British officers. Madeleine was three years old when she went missing from a holiday apartment in Praia da Luz, Portugal in May 2007. Scotland Yard launched a fresh investigation last July. <mask_1> He said: "It's something that you would expect in any major inquiry. "A thorough serious crime investigation works systematically through all the credible possibilities, and often in an investigation you will have more than one credible possibility. "Therefore just because we're doing a substantial phase of work in the forthcoming weeks doesn't mean that it's going to immediately lead to answers that will explain everything." <mask_1> Scotland Yard's investigation - codenamed Operation Grange - came two years into a review of the case. In March, British police said they were seeking an intruder who sexually abused five girls in Portugal between 2004 and 2006. Detectives say the attacks happened in holiday villas occupied by UK families in the Algarve. Clickable map and timeline
Mr Harding said during a speech at the British Library that the corporation had a public service duty to "deliver on its obligation in local news". "Economic woes" of the local newspaper industry were "not the BBC's fault", he said during the WT Stead lecture. "The classified advertising market has moved online", he added. <mask_1> "The local newspaper industry's problems lie with the likes of Google, Facebook, Amazon, Gumtree, eBay and a long, long tail of others. <mask_1> His remarks follow those made in November by Home Secretary Theresa May, who told the Society of Editors that the BBC had to think "carefully" about its local news service. She said: "Local newspapers are having a particularly hard time. That has partly been the result of the BBC's dominant position on the internet, and its ability to subsidise the provision of internet news using the licence fee. "This makes it enormously difficult for local newspapers to compete. If the BBC can, as they do, provide all the locally significant news, what is left to motivate the local reader to buy a paper?" She added that the corporation was "destroying local newspapers and it could eventually happen to national newspapers as well". Mr Harding, who previously edited The Times, said the BBC's regional bulletins attracted some of its largest audiences for news. <mask_1> "We thrive thanks to vibrant public debate and courtesy of the stories and ideas unearthed by our colleagues in rival news organisations." But he added that the BBC's primary responsibility must be to "serve licence fee payers". "They want and are entitled to the best possible local news services we can deliver," he said. Following the recent scandal of executive payoffs and fallout from the dropped Newsnight investigation into Jimmy Savile, Mr Harding also spoke about the need to retain the trust placed in the BBC by the public. "Trust is our most prized asset - and the key to our future," he said. "It depends upon us striving, ceaselessly, to be fair, reliable and open to ideas." <mask_1> Commenting on the issue of press regulation, Mr Harding highlighted the need for a free and independent press. "I worry when politicians and judges weigh in, " he said, "either frequently or eagerly, on the behaviour of journalists and news organisations." "At a time when our society needs curious, inquisitive journalism more than ever, I think we need to be extremely vigilant against encroachment on press freedom and freedom of expression," he added.
<mask_1> Sonia Friedman partly attributes the delay to actors not being available to populate its predominantly black cast. "Thankfully, shows like The Lion King have meant many more people of colour are now working in theatre," she said. "When Dreamgirls opened [in New York] 35 years ago, it would have been very hard to cast it here at that time," the producer continued. <mask_1> <mask_1> Several members of Dreamgirls' ensemble have appeared in the show there, or in other stagings of the Disney musical. Freidman also cited the specific demands placed on the show's lead actress as another reason why Dreamgirls has taken so long to cross the Atlantic. Dreamgirls tells of a black female singing trio, reminiscent of The Supremes, who fight to make their mark in '60s America. The 2006 film, starring Beyonce and Eddie Murphy, was many Britons' first exposure to the Tony Award-winning show. Jennifer Hudson won an Oscar, a Bafta and a Golden Globe for playing Effie White, the threesome's most gifted and volatile member. The role - which Friedman says is like "climbing Everest and doing a marathon at the same time" for a performer - is played in London by Amber Riley. Riley, best known for playing Meredith Jones in US TV show Glee, was in tears as she took her bows at end of Wednesday's opening night. "Some nights it's like that," she told the BBC News website. "I get so overwhelmed and caught up in the story." <mask_1> "She starts really young and ballsy and she gets to be vulnerable, and then she gets to be an adult," the 30-year-old explained. "I get to show her whole entire journey, and I've never really gotten to share that arc before." Reviews of the show have praised the US actress, with The Guardian describing her as "a notch above... on a stage of great singers". Its critic Lyndsey Winship said that her "huge and effortless voice... rips through the auditorium". "Without question, Riley is the biggest reason to buy a ticket," writes Dominic Cavendish in the Telegraph. Casey Nicholaw's "slick" and "tinselly" production, he continues, offers "tremendous gusto of soul and gaiety of spirit". <mask_1> The Times' Ann Treneman, however, thinks "it doesn't deserve to be" one - as its plot is "far too skimpy" and its singing "way too loud". Riley's Glee co-star Chris Colfer and comedian Sir Lenny Henry were among the audience at the Savoy Theatre on Wednesday. Sir Lenny has been a vocal campaigner for more representation of black, Asian and minority ethnic (BAME) people in the broadcasting industry. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
<mask_1> Dean McKelvey said, "It is probably going to be the toughest sit-out yet both economically and weather-wise." The appeal raises money for various charities in Northern Ireland as well as Christian Aid. <mask_1> <mask_1> "Relying as always on the tremendous generosity of the people, schools and businesses in our community. Millions "I extend an invitation to everyone to come and see us or 'our day off' on Sunday 19 December, when  we will present "Carols for the City" and celebrate the Christmas message of God's generosity. "I would like to sincerely thank those who have already responded to our Postal appeal. "It helps going on to the street knowing that £90,000 has already been given to this year's appeal." Dean McKelvey plans to sit outside St Anne's Cathedral until Christmas Eve, continuing a tradition begun by his predecessors 30 years ago. The charity vigil has raised millions since it began. Dean Sammy Crooks first started the collection in 1976. Dean McKelvey first sat out for Christmas five years ago, following in the footsteps of his predecessor Dean Jack Shearer, who died in January 2001. Dean Shearer was initially dubbed Black Santa by the media because of his distinctive clothing and the name caught on among the public. The appeal raises money for various charities in Northern Ireland as well as Christian Aid.
<mask_1> <mask_1> Demand was expected to bounce back in the second quarter. Some lenders attributed the fall in demand over recent quarters to a combination of changes in regulatory policy and concerns about housing affordability, as well as uncertainty about the outlook for the housing market. However, the predicted recovery might point to the effect of the general election campaign on the UK housing market. "For demand to have fallen particularly sharply at the upper end of the market underlines the sensitivity of this demographic to political uncertainty," said Jonathan Samuels, chief executive of Dragonfly Property Finance. "Many prime and super-prime buyers are sitting on their hands and want to see what the next government looks like before they commit to a purchase. That this is the most uncertain election in decades has certainly triggered more caution at this level of the market than normal." The survey suggested that lenders were showing a greater willingness to lend to borrowers who were only able to offer a deposit of less than 10% of the property's value so far this year. Many of these borrowers would be first-time buyers.
The bridge has been closed on May Day morning since 2005 after 40 people were injured jumping into the river. Traditionally, thousands of people gather on and around Magdalen Bridge to hear choristers sing hymns at dawn from the tower at Magdalen College. The city and county councils and police have worked to "ensure a safe" event. Last year, about 30 revellers ignored safety warnings and broke through barriers to jump from the bridge. The water is shallow and the county council said the cost to the health service in 2005 was about Â£50,000. Police urged people not to "abuse" the decision to allow pedestrians access this year. Many other events will take place across the city, including morris men dancing in Radcliffe Square, Catte Street and Broad Street. Oxford City Council and the county's cultural development agency, Oxford Inspires, are both working with an event producer responsible for other big occasions in the city. <mask_1> <mask_1> "I would urge people to recognise this decision is one that has been made to further their enjoyment of this unique celebration, and not to abuse it."
Police said "a number of weapons" were seized following the attack at a rural property in Devon. The 24-year-old victim was treated at the scene on Saturday and has now been transferred to the Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital. Leo Michaels, aged 35, from Hensford Road, Dawlish, has been charged with attempted murder and wounding with intent. Mr Michaels appeared at Torquay Magistrates' Court earlier and was remanded in custody. He is due to appear at Exeter Crown Court on 18 August. <mask_1> They said the victim, from Dawlish, had "injuries consistent with being shot with a crossbow" and he was initially taken to Torbay District Hospital.
Ollie Hannon-Dalby and Keith Barker claimed four wickets apiece as Northants were bowled out for 273. Youngsters James Kettleborough (71) and Ben Duckett (55) made half-centuries, backed by Adam Rossington (44) and Andrew Hall (43). Home skipper Varun Chopra was on 43 as the Bears closed on 79-1 from 16 overs. After the early loss of former captain Ian Westwood, Chopra has so far put on 70 for the second wicket with William Porterfield (24 not out). <mask_1> BBC Coventry & Warwickshire's Clive Eakin: "In truth, Yorkshire's dominance at Trent Bridge is probably good news for Warwickshire. <mask_1> "Even though they put the bottom county in, this looks a decent pitch. Northants batted well in spells, with Adam Rossington especially pleasing on the eye, but 273 looks below par. <mask_1> BBC Radio Northampton's Chris Egerton: "Northants began the day learning they are highly likely to miss out on signing Leicestershire's Josh Cobb and they ended it knowing a difficult two days are ahead. "Despite battling strongly, 273 all out already looks likes being short of a par score and Northants' bowling will need to improve after conceding just short of five an over in the 16 overs possible. "What is encouraging for Northants' members is that young players such as Adam Rossington (44), Ben Duckett (55) and James Kettleborough (71) are making runs at Division One level. "Too late to save themselves in 2014 but it gives some optimism for the Division Two campaign next year."
Some 3,740 people died until 23 October, a number that is set to rise as the two worst months are yet to come. Last year's death toll was 3,771. <mask_1> The UN believes smugglers are changing their tactics, using riskier routes. One of every 47 migrants or refugees attempting the voyage between Libya and Italy is dying, said William Spindler, spokesman for the UN High Commissioner for Refugees. "This is by far the worse we ever have seen in the Mediterranean," he told journalists in Geneva. "We can say the death rate has increased threefold." There were 327,800 crossings this year, against more than one million in 2015, UN numbers showed. <mask_1> This means that if they do run into trouble, rescue services cannot possibly save them all. "Smuggling has become a big business, it's being done almost on an industrial scale," Mr Splinder added. "So now they send several boats at the same time and that puts rescue services in difficulty because they need to rescue several thousand people on several hundred boats," he said. <mask_1> But there has been a traffic increase on the highly perilous journey between North Africa and Italy. On Monday, the Italian coastguard said it recovered the bodies of 16 people during 21 rescue missions. Some 2,200 migrants were saved from 18 rubber boats.
The Consumer Electronics Show (CES) is the world's biggest annual consumer technology trade show, with more than a whopping 3,500 companies taking part this year. Starting on Tuesday, top tech companies will show off their latest gadgets. <mask_1> One of the highlights is a quadcopter called Zano. It's small enough to fit into your hand, but still powerful enough to film HD quality video. No tech show would be complete without the latest 3D printers. Highlights include the latest in food printing and machines that can build detailed, multicoloured 3D objects like this below, just out of paper and ink. It's not just small gadgets: there'll be a whole host of self-driving cars including one that allows passengers to face each other (below) and one that you can park just by using a smart-watch app. Look out for new quantum dot TV technology which involves tiny crystals - 50,000 times smaller than a hair - to give better colour quality to what you see on screen. And then there are TVs with nits - not the head lice variety - but more nits means the picture will look much better even in a sunny room. <mask_1> A toothbrush that plays a video game, a baby's dummy that connects to the net, a ring for your finger to show how many unread emails you have and a dog collar that lets you speak to your pet are all reported to be making an appearance at the huge event. The CES runs from 6 to 9 January.
<mask_1> <mask_1> The key to the success has been the development of farmers' co-operatives, which have allowed the farmers to cut out the middlemen who took a large chunk of the profits. "My life is different now," says Jose Esperansa, a small-scale cocoa farmer, who is now the managing director of CECEAQ-11, a cocoa-fermenting, drying and exporting co-operative. The initiative, supported by the UN's International Fund for Agricultural Development (Ifad) and Cafedirect, a British Fairtrade firm, has helped the co-operatives produce Fairtrade certified beans. Sao Tome and Principe, a Portuguese colony until 1975, has an ideal climate and rich soils that are ideal for growing cocoa. The crop was introduced in the 19th Century and cultivated by slaves brought from the African mainland, where they worked on plantations, known as rocas. <mask_1> The results were crippling, since cocoa made up 95% of the island's exports. <mask_1> A quarter of farmers were left living below the poverty line. In order to reverse the industry's decline, Ifad commissioned French organic chocolate producer Kaoka to assess the country's cocoa sector. <mask_1> Now - in a scheme backed by Ifad and Cafedirect - the farmers' fortunes have been transformed. By coming together in co-operatives and by processing their cocoa, they have managed to get a much better return on their crop. "Before Cafedirect I would work from day-to-day, hand-to-mouth," says Mr Esperansa. "I did not think about the future." Cafedirect head Anne MacCaig recently travelled to the islands to see how it was done. "They have the facilities to ferment the product and then from that they are able to work together across the different organisations to dry the cocoa, collect it all in one central warehouse," she said. "Then they are able to export it. "They are benefiting from five times the price they had when they sold it as a gloopy white liquid." Before the programme began in 2004, Sao Tome produced just 50 tonnes of cocoa. By mid-2010 this had risen to 600 tonnes of organic, Fairtrade beans. Many producers have invested in home improvements and can now afford items like bicycles, generators, radios and refrigerators. The co-operatives are investing in primary health-care clinics and better sanitation. But is the support for the cocoa crop tying the farmers into a single crop, monoculture? Mrs MacCaig says it will not. "Sao Tome is an island with incredibly rich volcanic soil, so if you can do this with cocoa, there are so many other products that can be grown as well."
Northern Lights will showcase the work of designers who have chosen to stay in Scotland to build their careers. Products on show range from hand-crafted wooden furniture to ceramic jewellery. Organisers said the show would highlight  the "increasing confidence" designers felt in basing their businesses in Scotland. <mask_1> "The V&A in London has been a great inspiration and influence on my work as a designer, since being captivated by the place as a child. " The London Design Festival was first staged in 2003 and includes more than 400 events and exhibitions. Philip Long, director of V&A Dundee, said: "We are delighted with the calibre, ambition and volume of submissions we received to exhibit as part of Northern Lights. "London Design Festival allows us to highlight these most exciting contemporary product designers, showcase their ideas and ingenuity, and give them an opportunity, whether they are an established or emerging designer, to raise their profile internationally." <mask_1> The show runs from 17 to 25 September at the Victoria and Albert Museum in South Kensington.
Media playback is unsupported on your device 26 November 2014 Last updated at 08:47 GMT Fifty athletes from around the world wore balaclavas, goggles, gloves and mittens to brace sub-zero temperatures and take on the 26.2 mile course. <mask_1> An earlier marathon saw six runners run a hundred kilometres, non-stop!
Morgan, 31, has played 52 games for the Latics since moving from Championship rivals Rotherham United in June 2015 and has 23 international caps. He captained the side to the League One title last season, having previously done the same with Rotherham. <mask_1> "I think it's right I should repay his faith."
But the chairman, European Council President Donald Tusk, will keep the two discussions separate - despite concern that some jihadists are slipping into the EU posing as migrants and exploiting the freedom of movement provided by the Schengen zone. At least two of the killers involved in the Paris attacks got in among the crowds of migrants arriving daily on the Greek islands near Turkey. <mask_1> That is the rallying cry of the French National Front (FN) and some other populist parties. Migration and terrorism are also treated as separate issues because - as pointed out by EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker - many asylum-seekers are themselves fleeing from the terror inflicted by Islamic State (IS), the Taliban and other extremist groups. <mask_1> About 1.7 million EU citizens cross borders daily in the Schengen zone to go to work, the Bruegel think-tank reports. And opinion polls indicate that many Europeans value Schengen more than any other change brought about by the EU. But temporary border controls have been reimposed - by France, Germany, Austria and Hungary. So the stakes are high at this summit. "Our goal is clear: we must regain control over our external borders to stem migratory flows and to preserve Schengen," said Mr Tusk in his summit invitation letter. Mr Juncker said Europeans now have "one border" and "a shared responsibility to protect it". "We want to defend everything Schengen represents, and let me tell you that Schengen is here to stay," he told the European Parliament. Saving Schengen means beefing up the surveillance of all people entering or leaving the Schengen area. So in future EU citizens, as well as those from outside the bloc, will have their passports checked against police databases. There is much work to do, however, to link up and improve those databases. More than a million refugees and other migrants have surged into the EU this year, most of them desperate to reach Germany or other northern countries where job prospects are better, or where relatives can help them settle. The Syrian war has pushed irregular migration to the EU to a record high. <mask_1> <mask_1> The migrant registration process is still slow and patchy. Turkey, struggling with more than two million Syrian refugees, now has much bargaining power. Critics say the EU risks compromising its human rights standards as it leans on Turkey to curb the migrant flow. <mask_1> This week the Commission unveiled an ambitious plan for a new EU Border and Coast Guard to tackle problems on the EU's external borders. The force - stronger than Frontex - would have 1,000 permanent staff and 1,500 reserves, who could be deployed rapidly to a trouble spot, within three days. That could happen even without the host country requesting it - if the rest of the EU decides to take action. Such force majeure might be the exception - but Poland has already raised objections on sovereignty grounds. Once again, the migrant crisis is threatening to divide, more than unite, Europe.
Locomotive No 563, which hauled trains on the London and South Western Railway, has been given to the Swanage Railway by the National Railway Museum. It appeared in stage adaptations of Edith Nesbit's classic in Canada and in London. Volunteers will work on the engine with the aim of returning it to steam. Descendants of its designer William Adams were present for the unveiling ceremony in Corfe Castle. His great great grandson Alex Campbell said: "It's amazing how something so functional can also be so beautiful. "The T3 represents a bygone era of technical excellence that combined strength, durability and aesthetic beauty." Built in 1893, the 86-tonne T3 locomotive had run a total of 1.5 million miles, mainly hauling express trains between London and the south coast, by the time it was withdrawn from service in 1945. It survived being scrapped as it was selected for restoration for a display at the centenary celebrations for London's Waterloo station in 1948. <mask_1> <mask_1>
Media playback is not supported on this device Fishlock, 30, became the first Wales international to win 100 caps. The Seattle Reign midfielder marked the occasion with an unstoppable strike on 39 minutes to send Wales 2-1 up. Georgia Evans and Natasha Harding got Wales' other goals while Rachel Furness scored from the spot for Northern Ireland after Kayleigh Green handled. It was also a special day for Notts County Ladies midfielder Angharad James who won her 50th Wales cap. <mask_1> Qualification begins in September for the tournament in France in 2019, with the draw taking place in April. Wales and Northern Ireland meet again at Ystrad Mynach on Friday, 7 April.
The jury for the latest case had been selected but a deal was done in the early hours of the day the US trial was to begin, according to news site Ars Technica. Unwired Planet had sought $33m (Â£25.7m) and a cut of iPhone and iPad sales, which it said made use of its tech. The terms of the settlement have not been made public. Apple had previously described the case - involving voice recognition and data transmission inventions - as being "frivolous". Nevada-based Unwired used to develop mobile software, when it was known as Openwave Systems, but no longer makes products of its own. <mask_1> Rather than purchase the technologies outright, Unwired instead agreed to share future revenues generated from the patents with the Swedish telecoms equipment-maker. That has led some to describe Unwired as a "patent troll" - although the firm's legal team described the term as "hackneyed". "Our ambition is to bring efficiency and fairness to patent licensing and create a marketplace where product manufacturers and innovators feel confident that high quality technology is available at a fair and reasonable price," a spokeswoman for PanOptis Patent Management, which recently bought Unwired's licensing business, told the BBC. <mask_1> Earlier this month, the firm scored a court victory over Huawei in London. The Chinese company was ordered to pay a global fee for use of Unwired's 4G patents or face a UK sales ban. Unwired previously won a case against Samsung involving 2G technologies. It is also involved in disputes with Google and HTC.
The value of the invested savings and pensions of millions of people in the UK are dependant on asset managers. In a damning report, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has said there is weak price competition, leaving customers paying high charges. An industry association said price transparency had been improving. The FCA has studied the asset management system for a year, and has now published its interim report. In a string of criticisms, it said that investors often paid high charges, there were examples of poor value for money in some funds, and that consultants could bring better results for pension savers. <mask_1> "To achieve this, we need to ensure that competition in asset management works effectively to minimise the cost of investment. "We want to see greater transparency so that investors can be clear about what they are paying and the impact charges have on their returns. We want asset managers to ensure investors receive value for money through pursuing energetically their duty to act in their customers' best interests." He ruled out a price cap, which he argued would not encourage competition. <mask_1> <mask_1> The extra cost to investors of this service were, on average, "not justified by higher returns", it said. The FCA is proposing an all-in fee among other measures to help investors decide which fund is the best for them. It also wants a more standard set of information across the sector making costs and charges clear. The potential benefits of UK pension funds pooling their assets to gain better returns should also be explored, the FCA said. The Investment Association, the trade body that represents UK investment managers, said that it had already been improving the transparency of costs. "The investment management industry is committed to serving the needs of the UK's savers and investors and so we support the FCA's objectives to ensure that competition in the industry works to the benefit of its customers, whether individuals, families or institutions," said Chris Cummings, the association's chief executive. "Over the coming weeks, we will engage closely with the FCA to understand its findings and the full implications of potential remedies." The interim report now goes to consultation. The FCA said action could be announced next summer. One of the City's most lucrative gravy trains is running out of steam. Fund managers occupy a cosy world in which they have plenty of wiggle room on charges, make high profits and pick up tasty bonuses. <mask_1> It might even ask the government to impose a statutory duty of care. But the question which really stands out from this investigation is whether active fund management is really worth it. That's when managers pick the stocks they think will succeed. <mask_1> Most investors would forgive even a sizeable charge if they had something to show for it.
The plans at Peelhouses Farm north of Lockerbie first surfaced in late 2008. They were granted planning permission in principle in 2010 which was extended by a further three years in 2013. Now developers have indicated they intend to seek more time for work to start and also look at carrying it out on a phased basis. <mask_1> It pledged to turn the site into an "international hub for the internet age". Initially the scheme also included a major housing development but those proposals were subsequently dropped. The latest plans include a data centre, technology park, horticultural research facility and visitor centre. Consultants WYG have contacted Dumfries and Galloway Council on behalf of planning firm Blackmores to discuss extending the time limit on permission for the scheme which would currently run out later this year.
He laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier in Canberra before officially reporting for duty. He also presented a letter from the Queen in which she wrote that her grandson would "benefit greatly" from spending time with Australian troops. The prince, called Captain Wales in his military role, will leave the British army in June after 10 years' service. During his placement in Australia, he will patrol with Aboriginal soldiers and train with the country's special forces. He officially reported for duty to Air Chief Marshal Mark Binskin, Chief of the Defence Force, after laying his wreath and placing a poppy during a tour of the Australian War Memorial. <mask_1> "Together, our armed forces share skills, resources and resolve in order to uphold and defend our common values. "In 2015, when together we commemorate the many sacrifices of our countrymen at Gallipoli a century ago, it is fitting that we can also reflect on the strength and persistence today of those common values and our professional military ties. "I know that Captain Wales will benefit greatly from spending time with the Australian Diggers [soldiers] and I thank you for welcoming him into your ranks." <mask_1> The placement will be briefly interrupted when he travels to Turkey later this month for commemorations to mark the allied campaign at Gallipoli in 1915, in which thousands of soldiers from Australia and New Zealand were among the dead. It is believed that the prince will do voluntary work for charities later in the year as he considers his future options.
<mask_1> The plan, backed by £1m Welsh government funding, hopes to increase clinical expertise in the disease. It will also encourage people to take more responsibility for their health.
The Women in Love author directed the insult at Pangbourne while inquiring about cottages to let in August 1919. He wrote: "Pangbourne is repulsive - it sort of smells - women use scent on their clothes, and petrol plus river plus pavement...  I suffer by the nose". <mask_1> It was addressed to his friend Bertie Herbert Farjeon at a time when Lawrence was leading an itinerant lifestyle after being forced out of his Cornwall home following accusations of spying. After asking Bertie whether the cottage he wanted was vacant, the writer declared that he was "so sick of mankind". Three months after the letter was posted he left Britain for good as part of a self-imposed exile. Lawrence, whose other novels included Lady Chatterley's Lover and The Rainbow, was born in Eastwood, Nottinghamshire, in 1885 and died in France in 1930 aged 44.
Students earlier this summer took a total of 35,537 exams. But what do we know about how well Wales is doing? How many students are going to university? And what happens next for those still with big decisions to make? MAKING THE GRADE A new top grade, A*, was introduced in 2010. <mask_1> <mask_1> When you look at individual subjects, more students in Wales have been getting top grades in maths over the last five years than in England - but in English language, Wales has been trailing, with the gap still 3.2% in the latest set of results. In French, 31% got A* to A in Wales - this is an improvement, but 37.8% managed that in England. The gap was as wide as 14% in 2012. Numbers of students taking French have also gone down by 11% this year. <mask_1> It is worth looking too at how many students are only getting the lower grades. A slightly higher proportion in Wales - 23.5% - got D and E grades, compared to 20.6% in England. That gap has also widened slightly too. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> "We need to look at the numbers who get  A* and celebrate them, and those who get As, Bs and Cs too," he said. "We need to make sure we have a clear focus on those who achieve the grades they need for university and makes sure support is there for those who go on to do other things as well." On the question of whether A-levels are getting easier, Phil McTague, head teacher of Ysgol Eirias in Colwyn Bay said: "If Usain Bolt sets a new record in the hundred metres, people don't say the hundred metres is getting easier!  Our students have worked really hard this year and we're proud of all their results." HOW DOES WALES COMPARE WITH ENGLISH REGIONS? <mask_1> Wales has the lowest percentage of A*-C grades of any area - 73.8- including every English region. <mask_1> WHAT IS THE PERFORMANCE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN BOYS AND GIRLS? Girls continue to outperform boys overall in Wales, with 97.9% of entries by girls this year gaining A* to E grades, compared to 96.5% of boys. At the A* grade, the performance of boys was marginally better than that of girls, with 6.7% of boys and 6.5% of girls gaining A* - both improving since 2013. You can also see performance differences between boys and girls for the top grades within subjects - as well as a difference in subjects chosen. The likes of physics and computing are very male dominated compared to French, English and Welsh at the other end of the scale. Gareth Pierce, chief executive of the WJEC exam board, said some of the patterns were long standing "and a natural feature". Why do more girls go to university? HOW MANY STUDENTS APPLY FROM WALES? <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> These included 20,500 students from Wales, a 1.7% rise and a new high, while 87.5% of 18-year-olds from Wales who applied got places. Of those 18-year-old students who applied to Welsh universities, 84% got an offer, while 75% of Welsh applicants to English universities got an offer. Although there is a lot of attention at schools on results day - only around half of those entering university are 18-year-olds; others take gap years while the number of students over 26 is rising again. <mask_1> STILL, MORE 18-YEAR-OLDS ARE GOING TO UNIVERSITY Wales recorded its highest entry rate - 28.2% of all 18-year-olds got higher education places through Ucas in 2015 - although that is behind England on 31.3%. Wales has had one of the lowest proportional increases of UK nations and regions since 2006 - 13%. WHERE YOU LIVE CAN BE A FACTOR Fewer pupils from poorer parts of Wales get to university. Entry rates are broken down across the UK into constituencies and analysis shows they are lower in more disadvantaged areas. <mask_1> For those in the most disadvantaged districts in Wales the average rate is 16.6%, almost the same as the year before. But compared with entry rates five years ago, 18-year-olds from disadvantaged areas in Wales were 23% more likely to be accepted for entry in 2015 - in England they were 30% more likely. <mask_1> Leading academic Prof Sir Deian Hopkin said the numbers from poorer backgrounds getting to university were still disappointing despite efforts. <mask_1> very often, they come from an education system which doesn't encourage them to come to university in the first place," he said. "Now a lot has been done over the years, there has been a big improvement, but the proportion has not grown at the same rate as the total increase in students in higher education. Therefore the challenge remains." Prof Hopkin added: "The disappointment in England is that the grant which supported many students has been abolished. "In Wales, at least that has been maintained for now, but we need to see far more effort being put into encouraging, supporting and, indeed, mentoring students from backgrounds where these things are not natural." WHERE DO STUDENTS AT WELSH UNIVERSITIES COME FROM? Altogether, 77,750 students have already applied to Welsh universities - 18,450 from within Wales. The chart shows where the others come from - more than half of them from England. UNCONDITIONAL OFFERS ON THE RISE There has been a rise in students receiving unconditional offers from universities - which will have relieved the exam pressure a little for some. Across the UK, offers were made to 23,400 students in 2015,  compared to only 3,000 two years before. This is around 2.5% of applications and involves 36 institutions, but there is no breakdown of how many are from Wales. Cardiff and Swansea universities only made unconditional offers to students who are pre-qualified. This amounted to 1,200 for Cardiff this year. Aberystwyth University said it made offers based on performance in its own scholarship exam, while Bangor University said it made unconditional offers to some of the most promising students, but they were looking "at the whole package" before deciding where to go. CLEARING: NO LONGER A LAST RESORT <mask_1> <mask_1> Clearing has become more of an accepted way in, no longer something to be embarrassed about for not getting the right grades. Ucas says clearing has "transformed into a respected and important route" into higher education. All Welsh universities are promoting their clearing services heavily, promoting many courses across the board. Cardiff University had around 400 places available through clearing. Bangor University said it was "no longer seen or used as an opportunity of last resort" and said it was seeing more students waiting to get their results before applying. David Moyle, Aberystwyth University's schools and colleges liaison manager, said there was no longer a stigma attached to clearing. <mask_1> The aim is to ensure students "get the best advice to make an informed decision", said Mr Moyle. Back in 2013, Ben Grantham's A-level results were better than he expected and he was on the phone within an hour to clearing to get a place studying media and communication. "With a process such as clearing it's important to act fast," said Ben, who recently graduated with first class honours. "Hundreds of students will be in a position where they wish to apply for a course immediately following their results, and places are often limited and can fill up fast." <mask_1> "Take a breath, do your research, look at the Ucas website for what's available or even ring the university you wanted to go to to see if they might still accept you first.," she said. "There is often more than one university in towns and cities - don't make a rash decision, it's important, with the amount of money it will cost you, that you make the choice of course that's right for you." CLEARING DETAILS OTHER ROUTES Only two thirds of 18-year-olds who left school last year went on to university, according to research by Careers Wales. WHAT IF I DON'T GET THE RIGHT GRADES? Kerry Ann Wallace, 20, from Newbridge, Caerphilly, was upset after failing to get the right grades to study psychology last year but was in touch with a careers adviser. It led her to a youth work apprenticeship at Torfaen council and she has ambitions to be a family support worker. "I haven't looked back and it's great to be earning money while I learn," she said. "If you're disappointed this week please go and talk to someone as I did, look online for things and don't be upset - find something you love." Career adviser Joanna Harris, of Careers Wales, said it was important to take stock and look at options - but volunteering, an internship or part-time work can be useful additions to CVs ahead of the next step. Some will retake exams but there are also useful websites, such as notgoingtouni, which can point students on the career path, including apprenticeships. "There's a choice," said Ms Harris. "Just because you didn't get into Cardiff University, say, there might be a course somewhere else, there are foundation degrees and feeder degrees. "If you're struggling, book an appointment with us or call us."
This breaking news story is being updated and more details will be published shortly. Please refresh the page for the fullest version. <mask_1> You can also follow @BBCBreaking on Twitter to get the latest alerts.
Eifion Gwynne, 41, died last month and previously expressed his wish to be buried at Plascrug Cemetery, Aberystwyth. The only plots left are for people with an exclusive right of burial. <mask_1> It means Mr Gwynne can be buried in the cemetery when the funeral for the father-of-three and former Aberystwyth and Llandovery rugby player takes place on Saturday. Family friend Wayne Thomas told BBC Wales  Mr Gwynne had discussed his wishes with his wife Nia. <mask_1> A memorial fund set up in Mr Gwynne's memory has raised almost Â£12,000 in donations. Confirming a plot had been made available, Ceredigion council leader Ellen ap Gwynn said: "A family who had reserved a plot came forward and offered it to Nia and family. "We were very pleased that the council was able to help with ensuring this. We offer our deepest sympathy to the family at this very difficult time."
Cesc Fabregas marked his 300th Premier League appearance by firing the Blues ahead, poking the ball through the legs of Jack Cork and into the net. The hosts were stunned when Swansea equalised from their first serious attempt on target on the stroke of half-time - Fernando Llorente heading in Gylfi Sigurdsson's free-kick. Fabregas hit the bar before Pedro's curling effort restored the lead and Diego Costa netted the third from close range. Swansea were denied a penalty when Cesar Azpilicueta handled inside the area at 1-1. This was far from straightforward for Antonio Conte's side and had referee Neil Swarbrick awarded Swansea a penalty shortly before Pedro made it 2-1 then the outcome might have been different. However, in the end Chelsea's sweeping forward play earned them a 10th straight home Premier League win as they took another significant step towards a second title in three seasons. On a weekend when the first major silverware of the season - the EFL Cup - is handed out at Wembley, the Blues look unstoppable. They have 63 points from 26 games - three more than at the same stage in 2014-15 when last crowned champions of England. Media playback is not supported on this device Fabregas could have ended the game with four goals on his return to the side. The Spain midfielder had a goal-bound shot deflected behind shortly before he opened the scoring, was denied by former Arsenal team-mate Lukasz Fabianski and also rattled the bar. With former Blues midfielder Frank Lampard watching on, Chelsea turned on the style. While it required an error from Fabianski to restore the lead, Eden Hazard's exquisite timing and pass for Costa to make it 3-1 was a delight. Chelsea were forced to work hard for three points thanks to a well organised and energetic Swansea side and the Swans looked a shadow of the team that was bottom of the Premier League table five weeks ago. Their four-point safety cushion at the start of the day is down to three, but boss Paul Clement will have been pleased with the way his side frustrated the runaway leaders for long spells. Media playback is not supported on this device Llorente's equaliser shook Chelsea who were showing signs of frustration before Pedro made it 2-1. Swansea's next four games - Burnley (home), Hull City (away), Bournemouth (away) and Middlesbrough (home) - give them a chance to stay clear of the bottom three before they entertain Tottenham on 4 April. Chelsea manager Antonio Conte: "We played very well, it was a good performance, and we created many chances to score. We conceded at the end of the first half, after the time was finished, so in this case there was a bit of luck, but we showed great character in the second half. "We deserved a lot to win the game, now it's important to continue in this way." Swansea City boss Paul Clement: "Any game we play and don't win we are disappointed. Chelsea are a very good side, they have fantastic quality and that was the difference. We didn't have a lot of chances but we came in at 1-1 for half-time and for long periods we defended really well. "There was a big moment with the handball, I thought Cesar Azpilicueta handled it at 1-1, it's a clear handball. That gives you a chance to go 2-1 up but three minutes later you're 2-1 down with a soft goal. Based on chances they deserved to win, but there was  big moment that didn't go our way, and who knows what might have happened." Former England midfielder Jermaine Jenas: "I don't think Swansea should have had a penalty as the distance from Gylfi Sigurdsson to Cesar Azpilicueta is too close and Azpilicueta's arm is already out. His hand is there because he's trying to stop Sigurdsson's run." Ex-England captain Alan Shearer: "I think it was a penalty. I think it was a deliberate movement of his hand towards the ball and I think Chelsea got away with one there. It could have been very different if the ref had given it. "We've seen in recent weeks with Swansea that they made it very difficult for Liverpool at Anfield, they were unlucky to lose at Manchester City. They are very organised. The difference between Liverpool and City with this Chelsea side is the pace with which they go forward. That's why Cesc Fabregas was in the team today. He was brilliant. He's the one that started the goal off. "It's topical that players are not working for mangers. The irony is last season we were sat here with a large bunch of these same Chelsea players - they weren't working for their manager and we know what happened. It's such a transformation now. We saw how brilliant they were with the ball but look at them now without it. The transformation from then to now is incredible." Chelsea have nine days to prepare for their next game away to West Ham United on Monday, 6 March (20:00 GMT). Swansea entertain Burnley on Saturday, 4 March (15:00 GMT). Match ends, <mask_1> <mask_1> Attempt missed. Cesc Fàbregas (Chelsea) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Willian. Foul by N'Golo Kanté (Chelsea). <mask_1> Corner,  Chelsea. Conceded by Alfie Mawson. <mask_1> <mask_1> Substitution, Chelsea. Willian replaces Eden Hazard. Substitution, Chelsea. Kurt Zouma replaces Victor Moses. Goal!  <mask_1> Diego Costa (Chelsea) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Eden Hazard. Attempt missed. N'Golo Kanté (Chelsea) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Nemanja Matic. Substitution, Swansea City. Luciano Narsingh replaces Wayne Routledge. <mask_1> <mask_1> Foul by Leroy Fer (Swansea City). Foul by Victor Moses (Chelsea). <mask_1> Attempt saved. <mask_1> Substitution, Swansea City. Jordan Ayew replaces Tom Carroll. Substitution, Chelsea. Nemanja Matic replaces Pedro. <mask_1> Foul by David Luiz (Chelsea). <mask_1> <mask_1> Foul by Wayne Routledge (Swansea City). Goal!  <mask_1> Pedro (Chelsea) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Cesc Fàbregas. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Foul by Gary Cahill (Chelsea). <mask_1> <mask_1> Foul by Jack Cork (Swansea City). Corner,  Chelsea. Conceded by Kyle Naughton. Attempt blocked. N'Golo Kanté (Chelsea) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Gary Cahill. <mask_1> <mask_1> Attempt blocked. Diego Costa (Chelsea) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Cesc Fàbregas.
Right-back Hodgkiss, 30, who spent last season on loan at Torquay, has signed a two-year contract. Forward Wilson, 24, has agreed a one-year contract. <mask_1> The announcement comes after Macclesfield, who finished ninth last season, lost defender John McCombe to Chester and midfielder Ollie Norburn to Tranmere. Askey, who is in his second spell with the club, having also managed the Silkmen between 2003 and 2004, has extended his stay for another season. "John's loyalty to the club, in a number of roles, is unrivalled and we continue to progress under his leadership," Macclesfield chairman Mark Blower told the club website. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
<mask_1> Four were charged with assault, affray and public order offences following disorder at Blundell Park, Cleethorpes. Two people have been released on bail. Police said CCTV footage was being checked, with further arrests expected. A Humberside Police spokesman said football banning orders may be imposed to prevent fans attending future matches.
Jamal al-Harith reportedly received £1m from the British government after being freed from Guantanamo Bay in 2004. <mask_1> Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has defended his government's decision to free him from Guantanamo. Al-Harith, who was 50 and from Manchester, was originally known as Ronald Fiddler. He took the name Jamal al-Harith when he converted to Islam, but was known most recently by the nom-de-guerre Abu-Zakariya al-Britani, given to him by so-called Islamic State. Who are Britain’s jihadists? Al-Harith was seized by American forces in Pakistan in 2001, before being sent to Guantanamo Bay - a US prison in Cuba for terrorist suspects. US interrogators found he provided useful information about the Taliban's methods, and he was released after two years. He later joined IS and blew himself up at an Iraqi army base in Mosul this week. Lord Carlile - who reviewed terror laws from 2001 to 2011 - told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "It [the compensation] should never have been paid. "There was absolutely no merit in paying him a penny, because plainly he was a terrorist." <mask_1> A Downing Street spokesman declined to answer questions about the reported payout, on the grounds it was an intelligence matter. But Mr Blair released a statement accusing the Daily Mail of "utter hypocrisy" after it ran a story about al-Harith on Wednesday headlined: "Still Think He Wasn't A Danger, Mr Blair? Fury at Labour government's £1m compensation for innocent Brit". He said the man's release in 2004 had "followed a Parliamentary and massive media campaign led by the Daily Mail... and strongly supported by the then Conservative Opposition". <mask_1> The compensation was agreed in 2010 by the [coalition] government..." <mask_1> <mask_1> Lord Blunkett said those returning from Guantanamo Bay were kept under surveillance and monitored by the security services. <mask_1> "We judged that the risk was not so great as to prevent his release. "Whenever you're making decisions about the release of prisoners you have to make a judgement, and sometimes those judgements are not borne out by events." Leon Jameson, al-Harith's older brother, says they last spoke two years ago on the phone, before he went to Syria. Mr Jameson described his sibling as "fun" when he was growing up and "always helping other people". When asked about his brother's suicide bombing he said: "I can't actually commend him about it because it isn't right, but he's done it. It's something he believes in, so I'll leave that with him. "He did what he could for other people, which is what he used to always be like. And he said "it had been a struggle" for his brother ever since Guantanamo Bay. "If he didn't even listen to his wife, none of us could have really changed his mind."
A black police chief who had worked diligently to improve community relations, and reduce the use of force, now had to confront a racially motivated attack by a young black man against his officers. "We're hurting. Our profession is hurting. Dallas officers are hurting. We are heartbroken," he said. <mask_1> In June 2010, just weeks after he was sworn in as police chief, a young Dallas officer and father was shot dead on father's day. The killer was Mr Brown's 27-year-old son. "My family has not only lost a son, but a fellow police officer and a private citizen lost their lives at the hands of our son," he said. "That hurts so deeply I cannot adequately express the sadness I feel inside my heart." Mr Brown's son, David O'Neal Brown Jr, first shot dead a private citizen, Jeremy McMillan, as McMillan drove his family to his sister's house. He then shot police officer Craig Shaw, who was responding to the first shooting, more than a dozen times. <mask_1> It was not the first time he had suffered loss - in 1988, his former partner Walter Williams was killed in the line of duty. Three years later, his younger brother was shot dead by a drug dealer. <mask_1> The department began to focus on de-escalation rather than force. Mr Brown placed emphasis on community policing and increasing transparency, even at the cost of clashing with department figures. <mask_1> He was told community policing was a waste of time. But by 2014, five years after his appointment, excessive force complaints against Dallas officers had fallen by 64%. "In my opinion, how can you argue with aggressive community policing if it has yielded the safest the city has been over 86 years?" he said in an interview with the Observer in February. <mask_1> "Men, women, boys and girls gathered at Belo Garden Park for the demonstration re: recent police involved shootings," said one tweet. <mask_1> In the aftermath of the attack, several reporters who cover the Dallas Police Department pointed out the irony that the gunman targeted a force which had made strides to break the cycle of violence between its officers and community. <mask_1> "Over the last 12 years we've lost five cops in the line of duty," he said. "I mean, it's not just numbers on a page. It's sacrifice, and it's sacrifice at the highest level." Dallas Police Department equalled that 12-year sacrifice in a few short hours on Thursday. On Friday, Mr Brown reiterated his plea for mutual respect. "There are no words to describe the atrocity that occurred to our city," he said. "All I know is that this: This must stop, this divisiveness between our police and our citizens."
<mask_1> <mask_1> However Mr Trump has been strongly supported by running mate Mike Pence. "You have nominated a man for president who never quits, who never backs down. He is a fighter, he is a winner," Mr Pence said at an event in Iowa, praising him for apologising during Sunday's debate for his lewd comments. The renewed party divisions over Mr Trump come as a new PRRI/Atlantic poll suggested Mrs Clinton holds a 49-38 lead over her opponent. A video released on Friday revealed Mr Trump describing how he had sought to have sex with a married woman and making other sexually aggressive comments about women. On Tuesday, President Barack Obama's spokesman said Mr Trump's remarks were "repugnant" and amounted to sexual assault. Nearly half the 331 incumbent Republican senators, House members and governors have condemned Trump's lewd remarks on the video and about 10% have called for him to drop out of the race, Reuters news agency reports. On Monday, Mr Ryan told fellow House Republicans he would focus on congressional elections to ensure Republicans could maintain legislative control. <mask_1> He also attacked Senator John McCain, who has denounced Trump's conduct and faces a close re-election battle, as "foul-mouthed" Though the latest revelation underscores a widening divide within the Republican Party, some members insist they are sticking by Mr Trump. Donald Trump isn't going gently into that good night. If the Republican Party, led by Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, follows through with its promise to abandon his campaign in hopes of preserving its congressional majority, he appears willing to burn it to the ground and salt the earth. That was the takeaway from the Republican standard-bearer's unprecedented Tuesday morning Twitter storm. <mask_1> That was a misguided belief. Mr Trump sees himself as bigger than the party whose primary voters he courted, and now he will open fire on perceived enemies who surround him. Democrat Hillary Clinton, in a new television advert, lacks the "stamina" to lead. Mr Ryan, he tweeted, is "weak and ineffective". Mr Trump, in his own words, is "unshackled" at last. In 2008 Republicans fretted that their vice-presidential candidate, Sarah Palin, had "gone rogue" and was woefully off-message. Eight years later, an entire presidential campaign has become unmoored and is threatening to rage against the fabric of their party. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Meanwhile, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus held an emergency call with members on Monday to declare the party would stand behind Mr Trump despite recent turmoil, US media reported. Who is ahead in the polls? 48% Hillary Clinton 44% Donald Trump Last updated October 10, 2016 How does the US election work? A-Z guide to political jargon Key issues - where candidates stand Why this election will make history
Media playback is not supported on this device <mask_1> READ MORE: Find out how you can get into tennis with our special guide.
About 150 people had gathered near the interior ministry, demanding the release of political prisoners. It follows Tuesday's "day of rage" when hundreds calling for democracy protested in Damascus and Aleppo. The interior ministry said "infiltrators" tried to stir chaos. But among those held was a 10-year-old boy. Activists say he was with his father - and both were detained. Others included 69-year-old Damascus university philosophy professor and author Tayeb Tizini, and leading human rights activist Suhair Atassi. "They pulled Suhair by her hair and took her away," one demonstrator said, according to Reuters. Journalist and activist Mazen Darwish told the BBC that he was set free only after being held for five hours in the military security branch's detention centre alongside 20 others, including women. A further 15 were still being detained by state security, he said. "When I showed them my international press card they shouted and said 'Why were you standing among protesters and not among the journalists?'," said Mr Darwish, head of the Syrian Centre for Freedom of Speech. No further information about those detained was immediately available. No dissent The ruling Baath party has dominated Syrian politics for nearly 50 years. President Bashar al-Assad - who came to power in 2000 after three decades of rule by his father Hafez - has moved slowly to open up the economy, but his administration does not tolerate any dissent. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Reports said that shortly after the protesters gathered a counter-demonstration was held in the same square with people chanting that they would defend the Syrian president "with our soul, with our blood". <mask_1> "There were some persons who took advantage of this call to slip among these people and tried to shout some slogans," said Gen Mohamed Hassan al-Ali, of the interior ministry's moral guidance department. There are thousands of political prisoners in Syrian jails, and major opposition groups are banned. The government also blocks access to several internet sites and maintains strict control of the media though authorities have lifted bans on Facebook and YouTube in the wake of uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt. In January, President Assad told the Wall Street Journal that Syria was more stable than Tunisia and Egypt. <mask_1> The BBC's Lina Sinjab, in Damascus, said that many had doubted that any protests would take place in Syria, but observers here believe events over the past couple of days have broken the silence that dominated the country.
MOTD2 pundit Danny Murphy expands on his TV analysis of the part his former Tottenham team-mate Jermain Defoe played in Sunderland's vital derby win over Newcastle. When I realised his starting position was on the right wing in a 4-3-3 formation, I was surprised to say the least. I know Jermain well from training and playing with and against him, and he does not particularly like playing in those wide areas - he certainly did not enjoy it back in the day. That is understandable because he is a goalscorer and he lives off the goals he gets. He does not normally like being in areas of the pitch where he cannot affect the game in a positive way. <mask_1> I have never seen Defoe work as hard as he did to contribute defensively on Sunday - he tracked back on the left too and at one point he was making sliding tackles near his own corner flag, which was a first. He is 32 now and he will not want to be doing that permanently. <mask_1> I do not think playing him there gets the best out of him, but it worked for Sunderland on Sunday. Ultimately, Defoe only had one shot at goal in his 80 minutes on the pitch, but it was a world-class finish to win Sunderland the game and three vital points. That is what they signed him for, and you could see from his celebration how much it meant to him. I have played in midfield behind Defoe and he is a very special talent in that he does not solely rely on through-balls. If you get the ball to his feet, he has got the capability around the box to beat people himself and shoot from range with real power. <mask_1> Yes he will get in the six-yard box to score you a tap-in but he can create goals for himself and, as Newcastle found out, score from distance as well. Before that goal, he had not scored for six games which will have been hurting him because he is not used to it. <mask_1> <mask_1> Defoe's appetite was typical of the rest of the Sunderland team. What Dick Advocaat's side lack in quality, they make up for in physicality and endeavour which is a massive positive for them. They have got some powerful players and they look fit, which is an often overlooked factor at this stage of the season. Against Newcastle, both of their full-backs - Billy Jones and Patrick van Aanholt - did brilliantly, flying up the wings. They also have a few clever players, like Jordi Gomez and Seb Larsson, who have been in this position at the bottom of the table before and will be used to the pressure involved when you are fighting relegation. From what I saw of them in this game, they have got enough about them to beat the drop. But that is mainly because of the quality Defoe gives them in the final third. He could be the difference between them staying up, or not. Danny Murphy was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan.
Poorer pupils are particularly badly affected, says the head teacher training charity Future Leaders Trust. <mask_1> The steepness of the drop in poorer pupils' grades was "quite astounding", said report author Katy Theobald. Looking at average GCSE attainment over three years to 2014, all students did worse in schools that were further apart - but the impact was greater on students eligible for free school meals, the researchers found. Schools less than 1km (0.6 miles) apart saw almost 68% of pupils overall achieving five A* to C GCSE grades. Among pupils eligible for free school meals, the figure was 49%. <mask_1> A 1-2km gap between schools saw less than 42% of poorer pupils achieving good results, falling to less than 37% for poorer pupils at schools with a 3-4km gap. Nationally, some 65% of pupils overall achieved five good GCSEs over the three-year period, while the figure for pupils eligible for free school meals was 42.6%. So pupils at schools less than 1km from their nearest neighbour perform better than average on both counts, say the researchers. They calculate that for each additional kilometre between schools, the attainment of free school meals students declines by an average of 1.06 percentage points. <mask_1> Some of the success of urban schools stemmed from the fact it was so much easier for teachers collaborate, said Ms Theobald. "If you are in London you can just pop into another school to observe good practice - if you are in an isolated school, it's a whole day away," she said. It is also harder for isolated schools to recruit staff at all levels, according to Malcolm Trobe, deputy general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders. And all too often they were in areas of high unemployment, "which makes the job of raising pupils' aspirations that little bit more difficult", said Mr Trobe.
Brierley, who signed from Championship side Leigh Centurions in March, had never crossed in the top flight before. Wigan tries from Anthony Gelling, John Bateman and Matty Smith made it 18-18. <mask_1> Shaun Wane's Wigan moved two points clear of Warrington and Catalans, although for so long it appeared that the visitors would register two successive wins for the first time in 2016 and move off the foot of the table. Brierley's hat-trick was high in quality - Leroy Cudjoe's break set up his first, while his second was created by Brough's superb grubber kick. After Huddersfield had been pegged back to 12-12 by Bateman's close-range score, some free-flowing handling gave Brierley a free run to the line - a try scored while team-mate Nathan Mason was in the sin-bin. <mask_1> Defeat for Huddersfield, who have been beaten in 10 of their 12 Super League games this season, was further soured by the loss of centre Jake Connor to a serious-looking ankle injury just before half-time. Wigan: Sarginson; Charnley, Gelling, Gildart, Tierney; Gregson, Smith; Mossop, Powell, Flower, Bateman, Isa, Sutton. Replacements: Clubb, Tautai, Burke, Wells. Huddersfield: Brierley; McGillvary, Cudjoe, Connor, Murphy; Brough, Wood; Johnson, Hinchcliffe, Huby, Wardle, Ta'ai, Lawrence. Replacements: Rapira, Leeming, Mason, Roberts. Referee: Joe Cobb
Crowds danced, sang and waved rainbow flags at the event held outside the capital Kampala, the culmination of a week of celebrations. One of those attending hoped it would be a "step forward" for the country. But many people in Uganda strongly oppose gay rights, and homosexuality is punishable with a jail sentence. Anti-gay legislation allowing for life imprisonment for "aggravated homosexuality" and banning the "promotion of homosexuality" was annulled by Uganda's supreme court last year. One of those marching, Moses Kimbugwe, said: "It is about trying to show the wider community that violence, discrimination, harassment, stigma against LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) people is bad. "So we are here to send a message to the wider population that we do exist, and we want rights like any other Ugandan." <mask_1> Events earlier this week included a transgender awareness day and a "Mr and Miss Pride" beauty pageant. US President Barack Obama spoke out in favour of gay rights in Africa on his recent visit to the continent but some African leaders have argued homosexuality is not part of African culture.
Spain is implementing drastic spending cuts to try to slash its budget deficit to 5.3% from 8.5% in 2011. Many economists said the target was always unrealistic. Last weekend, Spain was given 100bn euros ($125bn; Â£80bn) in emergency loans to help its struggling banks. The IMF said Spain needed to raise revenue from taxes, and look at further spending cuts. However, it added that Madrid should not look to cut its deficit too quickly given "an unprecedented double-dip recession with unemployment already high". Spain has the highest unemployment rate in the eurozone, with almost one in four workers out of a job. Earlier this year, the government announced 27bn euros of cuts from its budget as part of one of the toughest austerity drives in the country's history. Changes included freezing unemployment benefits and public sector workers' salaries, slashing departmental budgets and increasing tax on large companies. <mask_1> <mask_1> The 100bn-euro bailout has failed to restore confidence in the country's economy, with the interest rate, or yield, paid on government bonds traded in the secondary market hitting 7% on Thursday, a level widely seen as unsustainable. Bond yields in the secondary market are seen as a good indication of investor's confidence in a government's ability to repay its debts.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission said Operation Midland was "extensive and carried out diligently". There was no evidence to indicate "bad faith, malice or dishonesty" by the officers, the watchdog said. The much-criticised operation closed last March without a single arrest. Of five officers referred to the Commission, three were cleared of causing "prolonged and undue stress" to those being investigated. One of the three - an unnamed detective chief inspector - is being investigated over an alleged failure to present relevant information to a judge when applying for a search warrant. Former MP Harvey Proctor, who was among those cleared of being part of an alleged Westminster abuse ring, said the "bungled and disastrous" police operation had ruined his life and left him destitute. He said he believed no police officer would ever be held responsible for it, and accused the IPCC of conducting a "whitewash". The Â£2.5m Met investigation was launched in 2014 after a man known as "Nick" claimed that boys had been sexually abused and even murdered by a group of powerful men from politics, the military and law enforcement agencies. <mask_1> Retired judge Sir Richard Henriques reviewed the investigation and identified 43 serious failings in his report, including that "Nick" had been believed for too long and that search warrants had been applied for with flawed information. Former Met Police commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe apologised to those affected by the inquiry, including Mr Proctor, former military chief Lord Bramall, and the wife of the late Lord Brittan, a former home secretary. The force referred five officers to the IPCC. The IPCC has now cleared three of them - Deputy Assistant Commissioner Steve Rodhouse, Detective Superintendant Kenny McDonald and an unnamed detective chief inspector - of causing prolonged and undue stress to those under suspicion by failing to properly investigate "Nick's" claims. Mr McDonald had, at one stage, publicly described "Nick's" allegations as "credible and true". <mask_1> "The information available indicates the investigation was extensive and carried out diligently with the majority of the decisions made appropriately recorded." <mask_1> The searches - in March 2015 - resulted in those under suspicion being named in the media. The IPCC said it was discontinuing its investigation into allegations of irregularities in the seizure of exhibits during the searches. There will also be no further investigation of Mr Rodhouse for his conduct in relation to a separate inquiry involving Lord Brittan. <mask_1>
Mohanna Abdhou was shot in Malvern Road, Kilburn, on Friday night and died at the scene. <mask_1> Ms Abdhou, known as Montana, was approached by "two males" on bicycles who fired "shots at her group". A post-mortem examination on Saturday gave the cause of death as a single gunshot wound. <mask_1> "No words can truly express our feelings towards this situation. "She was a loving daughter, sister and friend. She was loved by everyone and her warmth and kindness will be remembered fondly." Det Ch Insp Andy Partridge said police had found nothing in Ms Abdou's background "which gives any suggestion she would have been a target". The two suspects have been described as being of medium build and dressed all in dark clothing. Police said their faces were covered, which "would have made them stand out on such a warm evening".
Peadiatric pathologist Dr Paul French told the High Court at Livingston that the child had also suffered double fractures of his thigh bone and arm. Nyomi Fee, 29, and Rachel Fee, 32, deny killing Rachel's son Liam in a house near Glenrothes on 22 March 2014. The couple also deny harming two other children. The court heard that Liam, who was two-and-a-half and not growing as he should, had more than 30 external injuries including bruising to his private parts and signs of internal bleeding at various sites through his torso. Dr French, 38, who carried out a post mortem examination on Liam two days after he was pronounced dead, told the jury that he found the sac around Liam's heart - the pericardium - was filled with 70ml of fresh blood. "It shouldn't be there," he said. "It says there's been injury to the heart or that area that's caused that bleeding and the haemmorhage. "That's a significant volume of blood. For a child of that age that's about 8% of the blood circulating around his body. "That would impair the function of the heart - it would stop it being able to beat properly and would cause death." <mask_1> Similar injuries have been found in the victims of high speed road accidents, he added. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> He said the causes of failure to thrive were natural disease, possibly disease of the muscles, poor diet or potentially neglect. The jury was shown post mortem photographs of the toddler's broken thigh bone. The doctor said it was impossible to know how it was caused, apart from blunt force trauma. He added: "This child has sustained two fracturing events to his right femur and left humerus three to five days and less than six hours before death." The child would have been unlikely to have been able to put weight on his leg, Dr French said. He would have been crying, distressed and upset. Liam's mother Rachel Fee and her civil partner Nyomi Fee deny murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice by blaming the killing on another child. They also deny a number of child neglect charges involving Liam and two other boys in their care. The trial before Lord Burns continues.
A Libyan military spokesman told the BBC that the ship's movements at the port of Derna had aroused suspicion. <mask_1> Derna has been controlled by Islamist militants for the past two years. The Libyan military attacked the port several times last year in an attempt to weaken militant groups there. <mask_1> He said the vessel was supposed to dock at a power plant in Derna but instead "took a different route", entering a "military zone". "We asked the ship to stop, but instead it turned off all its lights and would not respond so we were obliged to strike it. "We bombed it twice," he said. Libya's National Oil Corporation said the tanker had picked up 13,000 tonnes of heavy fuel oil in Brega, a port south of Libya's second city, Benghazi, which it was due to deliver to a power plant and water purification facility in Derna. <mask_1> There were 26 crew members on board the ship, Araevo, including nationals from the Philippines, Greece and Romania. Two were injured in Sunday's attack, in addition to those killed. The Liberian-flagged tanker is operated by an Athens-based shipping company, Aegean Shipping Enterprises Company. The company said there was no leakage of oil and it was assessing the damage. Col Mesmari told Reuters the vessel had been bringing Islamist fighters to Derna. "We had warned any ship not to dock at the port without prior permission," he was quoted as saying. The National Oil Corporation did not comment on the allegation but said the bombing of the tanker would have a "very negative" impact on oil shipping from Libyan ports. <mask_1> Libya has been in chaos since its long-time leader, Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, was overthrown with Western military help in 2011. Numerous militias govern their own patches of territory, with successive governments struggling to exercise control. The competition for power and resources has led to frequent fighting and battles to control facilities, including ports, linked to Libya's oil industry. The internationally recognised government is based in Tobruk, near the Egyptian border, having been expelled from the capital, Tripoli, by militias in 2014. A rival militia-backed administration now controls the capital while Benghazi is largely in the hands of Islamist fighters.
"That village over there will be flooded," he points. "Monkeys, birds, Indians - we'll all lose our homes." <mask_1> After a week-long meeting back in April, the caciques (chiefs) from more than 60 villages issued a statement, demanding that the government listen to them before it presses ahead with the five dams planned for the river. Women have not traditionally been fighters among the Munduruku, but now Maria Leusa Kaba Munduruku, the leader of a new group of female warriors, says that everyone must be involved. "The government must recognise our rights, not just those of others," she stresses. Despite vociferous opposition from indigenous and environmental groups, construction is already well under way for the gigantic Belo Monte dam on the Xingu river. <mask_1> Opposition here is fierce as the region has some of the richest biodiversity in the world. <mask_1> Of the 1,837 species of bird that occur in Brazil, 613 can be found in the Tapajos, he points out. <mask_1> Along with the next dam, Jatoba, it should come on stream by 2020. As well as flooding 552 sq km (213 sq miles) of land, the dikes will change the river flow, disrupting the lives of indigenous and numerous fishing communities. The dams will have an installed capacity of 8,471 megawatts and will generate as much electricity as Belo Monte. To mitigate their environmental impact, the government is copying the oil-rig system used in the North Sea, bringing in workers by boat for two-week work shifts rather than building roads. <mask_1> <mask_1> "This gives you an idea of just how important this energy is for us," he says. But some analysts believe that Brazil needs to rethink its development plans. Celio Bermann, a lecturer in energy and the environment at the University of Sao Paulo, says Brazil is providing big subsidies for electricity-hungry sectors, such as the smelting of bauxite in the Amazon to make aluminium, without thinking whether this is really in the country's long-term interests. "We are exporting a tonne of aluminium for $1,450-1,500 (Â£855-884) while importing manufactured aluminium goods at twice the cost. "It makes no sense. I think it is absolutely undesirable for the country's aluminium output to double over the next 10 years," Mr Bermann adds. Brazil, he points out, is going back to being a producer of primary goods, without adding value. <mask_1> Preparatory work for the construction of the Teles Pires dam to be built on the Teles Pires river, a tributary of the Tapajos, has already led to the bulldozing of land around the Sete Quedas (Seven Waterfalls) - an area considered sacred by the Munduruku and other indigenous people. In an open letter, Munduruku leaders complained: "There are funerary urns there, where our ancient warriors are buried. There is also a portal, only seen by spiritual shaman leaders, who can travel through it to another, unknown world." "Why have they destroyed this?" one cacique asked. For others, however, progress cannot be halted. Joao Francisco Vieira, a local councillor in the town of Jacareacanga, told the BBC: "The Indians don't want to go back 300 years. They want to evolve, as the river flows to the sea. They want mobile phones. They want the internet." Maria Leusa Kaba Munduruku agrees that they want modern goods. "But we want them while conserving our culture. That is possible and we will fight for it."
Kajsa Tylen, 38, from Nottingham, is intending to ride about 36,000 miles (58,000km). Her mother, Tina Tylen, 65, will travel as back-up with a caravan during the challenge across Europe. Mustafa Sarkar, a sports psychologist, said having her mother alongside could be a key factor in breaking the 77-year-old record. Ms Tylen, who is originally from Sweden, felt inspired after reading about Billie Fleming who pedalled for 29,603 miles (47,641km) in 1938, to encourage others to adopt a healthy lifestyle. Tina Tylen retired from her job at Specsavers and has since been planning her role in the journey. The two have not always been so close. "I moved out of home when I was 16 and we have both lived a fair distance apart since then," said Kajsa Tylen. "We both worked abroad for a while too and didn't really talk much then either." Tina Tylen later moved in with her daughter in Nottingham, which Kajsa said was "tough" to begin with. "Once we got to know one another again, it worked out well. She [now] knows to feed me if I start getting tetchy." Dr Sarkar said: "Having her mum by her side will definitely help. "A crucial part of motivation is about relatedness, the feeling of support. <mask_1> Knowing she's by her side will be important." The cyclist said she had been boosted by "incredible" support for the challenge which begins on New Year's Day at Leisure Lakes Bikes in Breaston. This has included promises of places to stay, offers of food and bike maintenance, as well as ferry tickets when she reaches Denmark, and messages from people on social media. "Sense of purpose is important" - Dr Mustafa Sarkar, Nottingham Trent University <mask_1> <mask_1> "Some people do [big challenges] for the wrong reasons. [Her own motivation] will really help drive her. <mask_1> There will be critical points especially during difficult moments where self-talk will be key. <mask_1>
Warnings have been issued in more than 40 provinces in Spain, with a red alert for the southern city of Cordoba. Neighbouring Portugal has also placed four regions on an orange alert, the second highest level possible. Both countries have warned that the searing heat will substantially increase the risk of forest fires. Nearly all of Spain faced an "extreme" or high risk of forest fires on Monday. "These are not usual meteorological phenomena," said a spokesperson of the country's national weather office, as quoted by the AFP news agency. They warned that the exceptional temperatures posed "a very high level of risk for the population". The Spanish cities of Cordoba, Seville and Toledo were some of the worst affected on Monday. Temperatures were expected to reach up to 44C in some areas. <mask_1> Spain's Guardia Civil urged people to drink at least three litres (five pints) of water a day and to avoid eating hot meals. <mask_1> In 2003, a heatwave led to 70,000 more deaths than usual across Europe. "I don't think this heatwave will have the same consequences as the one in 2003 because we weren't as prepared at that time," said French Ecology Minister Segolene Royal. <mask_1> The body's normal core temperature is 37-38C. If it heats up to 39-40C, the brain tells the muscles to slow down and fatigue sets in. At 40-41C heat exhaustion is likely - and above 41C the body starts to shut down. <mask_1> The body cannot even sweat at this point because blood flow to the skin stops, making it feel cold and clammy. Heatstroke - which can occur at any temperature over 40C - requires professional medical help and if not treated immediately, chances of survival can be slim. There are a number of things people can do to help themselves. These include: What happens to the body in extreme heat? Eight low-tech ways to keep cool in a heatwave
Yahoo owns a 43% stake in China's Alibaba group, which it acquired in 2005 for $1bn (Â£636m), and a part of Yahoo Japan. It had been negotiating a complex swap-deal that was expected to save it billions of dollars in taxes. However, various reports indicated that no agreement had been reached. "I think the deal is either dead or it's going to take a lot longer to complete, which means we don't have a near-term catalyst; hence the selloff," said Brett Harris, an analyst with Gabelli & Co. The stalemate in talks has come as a huge surprise. Analysts and industry experts had expected the deal to be formalised, not least because trading in Alibaba's shares at the Hong Kong Stock Exchange has been suspended since 9 February. <mask_1> The swap-deal, worth almost $17bn according to some estimates, was not only expected to save taxes, but also provide Yahoo with billions of dollars in cash. Analysts said unless an agreement is reached soon, Yahoo may see its problems escalate further. "The honeymoon is already over,'' said Colin Gillis an analyst with BGC Financial. "Yahoo is probably looking at another year of turmoil.'' To make matters more complicated, Daniel Loeb, of hedge fund ThirdPoint, which owns more than 5% of Yahoo, launched a campaign to install his own directors on the firm's board. <mask_1> Mr Loeb's move comes just days after Yahoo announced changes to the board after Chairman Roy Bostock and three board members quit. Their exit followed that of Jerry Yang, Yahoo's co-founder, who resigned from its board last month. Yahoo said it had sought suggestions for new directors from several shareholders. <mask_1>
<mask_1> Transport Minister Derek Mackay has confirmed that a number of objections have been received to the initial proposals for the improvements. Last month, Caithness Chamber of Commerce said it was taking too long to agree a plan of action. Transport Scotland said it was continuing to progress the design work. The A9 provides a link to the far north mainland coast and the ferry services at Scrabster, Gills Bay and John O'Groats to Orkney.
More than 1,800 cases are waiting to be processed by police, data collated by 5 Live Investigates has shown. The most serious example, in Wiltshire, saw at least one case being delayed by more than 21 months. Home Office minister Karen Bradley said the government had "prioritised child sexual abuse as a national threat". Hi-tech crime units deal with the retrieval and examination of data from computers, mobile phones and other media devices, such as illegal images or details of inappropriate conversations with minors. The evidence can be crucial in securing convictions against those who groom and abuse young people online. <mask_1> <mask_1> Five forces held devices that had not been examined after more than a year of the case being reported. In Scotland, the oldest unallocated case dated back 10 months, in Wales, seven months, and in Northern Ireland, 18 months. Louise began speaking online to a 35-year-old man when she was 13. He began to groom her and attempted to persuade her to visit him in person. <mask_1> "I was horrified, because what could they be doing in the six months?" she said. <mask_1> "How they can't get the phone to work in today's day and age I don't know. God forbid [the abuser] has done something to anyone else," Amy added. Both names have been changed to protect their identity. In July, a report by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) found delays of 12 months were "not uncommon", after examining 124 cases at random in six police forces. It concluded such delays "increase the risk to children", with suspected offenders released on bail for prolonged periods of time while evidence was analysed. <mask_1> Det Supt Guy Collins, of Lincolnshire Police, told the programme it was struggling to cope with the demand for hi-tech investigations into child sexual exploitation. It had a backlog of 10 months. "We have to prioritise, that's the sad reality of life. We can't do everything straightaway," he explained. He added that incidents involving high-risk suspects were always dealt with more swiftly than others, but admitted this meant other cases could be pushed back in the queue. "It is a matter of absolute regret that we can't do all of those [cases] as quickly as we'd like to, but we do work very hard to protect children," he said. Lincolnshire Police, like a number of forces, is now allocating additional resources to its hi-tech crime unit. <mask_1> She said the Child Abuse Image Database, launched in December 2014, "will reduce the time taken to identify illegal images". 5 live Investigates is broadcast on BBC Radio 5 live, Sunday 8 November at 11:00. Listen online or download the programme podcast.
The trouble began on Monday after council contractors removed material from an anti-internment bonfire in the Markets area, near the city centre. On Tuesday night, North Queen St was closed for a time due to a car on fire. <mask_1> However, police said the road had reopened to traffic shortly after 23:00 BST and was "passable with care". Bonfires are traditionally lit in some republican areas to mark the anniversary of the introduction of internment - detention without trial - on 9 August 1971. Council worker injured Belfast City Council recently passed a motion to say that contractors would remove material from bonfire that posed a risk to safety. However, on Tuesday evening the council told the BBC that it no longer has a contractor in place. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> The member of staff received a cut to the head when the windscreen of their vehicle was smashed. A council spokesperson said it was one of two separate incidents in which stones were thrown at its vehicles. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Police are gathering evidence to bring those involved before the courts. They have also appealed for parents to be aware of their children's whereabouts. Police helped the fire service to deal with Monday night's blaze, which started at about 21:00 BST at the former credit union on Ross Road in west Belfast. A bus was also damaged on the Falls Road a few hours later. Supt Andrea McMullan said: "I would like to reassure the public that police patrols across Belfast will be increased over the coming days in an effort to curb this violence. "I would also call on those with influence in local communities to exert some control in an effort to dissuade any repetition of this behaviour." She described the attacks as "senseless and unacceptable". "It achieves nothing - creating only inconvenience, disruption and misery for the local community," she added. On Monday afternoon, three cars were destroyed after they were set on fire and five other vehicles were damaged by stones and paint in the Markets. Later in the evening about 100 young people, including children aged 12, gathered in the area. Alliance councillor Emmet McDonough-Brown described the scenes in Belfast as "disgraceful" and said they must be "condemned in the strongest terms". "The responsibility for last night's behaviour rests solely with the people who carried it out," he told BBC Radio Ulster. "The agreement to remove materials was agreed by all parties and I think this is not the first test of the issue." Sinn FÃ©in councillor Deirdre Hargey said residents in the Markets area were "completely disgusted" at the trouble. "They don't want this and those involved in this disgusting behaviour are not representative of this community," she added. Ms Hargey said she did not expect the level of anti-social behaviour and vandalism and did not believe it was "completely linked" to Belfast City Council's decision to tackle dangerous bonfires. "There have been ongoing incidents and I think a large part of those who have been involved in incidents either in the Markets, or especially in Divis, are involved in vandalism every other day of the year," she added. End of Twitter post  by @PoliceServiceNI "They have just used this as an opportunity or an excuse to carry out this type of behaviour that they do every other day." She said she was concerned that there were "older, more sinister elements involved in trying to encourage younger people into this activity", but did not think they were dissident republicans. End of Twitter post 2 by @PoliceServiceNI On Twitter, the PSNI also "thanked those in affected communities who helped settle tensions" on Monday evening. <mask_1> Youths were pictured posing atop of rows of pallets stacked on the bonfire, which was expected to be lit later on Tuesday.
People attending the festival on Anglesey on Monday were asked to take shuttle buses to the Bodedern Maes from the Anglesey Show ground at Mona. But some visitors complained of waiting up to two hours for a bus. Eisteddfod chief executive Elfed Roberts had urged visitors to "be patient". He said the change was a "temporary measure" to conserve the ground. "The rain yesterday was horrendous, that's what was at fault," Mr Roberts added. "There are people complaining that there is some mud on the Maes, I don't think that any field anywhere would have coped with what we got last night. "We all need to be patient, we need to calm down and not panic." The shuttle bus system will stay in place on Tuesday. <mask_1>
He has been enjoying a first year off in a career which has spanned more than a quarter of a century, starting with his United debut in 1990 and coming to a temporary halt when he left the club as a coach 12 months ago. Giggs has since been linked with several managerial vacancies - Sunderland and Middlesbrough among the most recent - and he was interviewed for the Swansea City job last October. And while the Welshman has distanced himself from most speculation, there is one managerial post to which his name always appears to be closely connected: his country. Chris Coleman has said the current World Cup campaign will be his last in charge of Wales, prompting many to suggest Giggs as his successor. But when he is asked about the subject, Giggs is as fleet of foot as he was on the Old Trafford turf. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> OK, then, leaving Coleman out of the equation for now, theoretically, would Giggs at least want to manage Wales one day? "I've seen Mark Hughes do it, Cookie [Coleman] do it, Gary Speed do it. It is a good job," he adds, still not giving an inch. "And I think, when you are a coach, in my experience United would be a great job and coaching your country. Whether it be soon or in 10 or 15 years' time, we'll just have to wait and see." At this point, Giggs bursts into laughter, admitting with a mischievous grin: "I've not given you an answer there, have I?" You can understand why Giggs is reluctant to state outright his ambition of managing Wales. He considers Coleman a friend and would not like to be seen to be eyeing his job. Besides, if Wales' players and other coaches had their way, Coleman would change his mind and lead them beyond this campaign. "That's totally up to Cookie. What he's done for Welsh football is remarkable," says Giggs. "The whole team just captured the imagination at the (2016) Euros and a large part of that is down to him. The team he's built, the character he is, the team spirit. <mask_1> As someone who has spent more than half of his life as a professional player or coach, Giggs is also very much a "serious football man". <mask_1> And although a year out may mean a clean break from your profession for most, football has still featured prominently in Giggs' sabbatical-of-sorts. "Life's good. <mask_1> "I've been really busy doing some TV work for the Euros when I finished, then I went to India playing futsal, then a bit more punditry, doing some work for Uefa as a technical observer, which is good keeping me in football, and then just doing the normal dad stuff, watching your son play football, and watching Salford City, who I'm co-owner of. So it's been really busy and really good. "You find out there's a whole big old world out there outside football, so I'm enjoying it. <mask_1> It's a strange feeling but it's good. <mask_1> While being football-centric, what the last 12 months have given Giggs is some time away from the pressure cooker of the Premier League and its myriad, relentless demands. That breathing space has allowed the Welshman to contemplate his options, speak to former managers - Sir Alex Ferguson most regularly - and also learn from coaches of other sports. "Rugby is a big love for me because my dad [Danny Wilson] played rugby and I'm a rugby fan, whether it be league or union," Giggs says. "I know Rob Howley [former Wales and British and Irish Lions scrum-half and current assistant coach], I've met Warren Gatland [Wales and Lions head coach], I've spent an evening next to Eddie Jones [England head coach], who was constantly asking me about football - it was brilliant. "I was asking him all about his coaching career, but he was asking me more about football and Sir Alex." Giggs appears to be refreshed by his time off, chatting excitedly about the previous 12 months and his future managerial career. So does a 'gap year' like this revitalise one's passion for football? "I think it does," Giggs says. <mask_1> "I think I am ready [to return] but, also, I'm enjoying life and busy doing other stuff. If it happens then great, I'm ready because I've prepared myself as best I could with all my badges and the two years under Louis [van Gaal] at United. "Whether that be in the lower leagues or a foreign club, I don't know. I honestly don't know and that's exciting for me because I've enjoyed this last year. But at some stage, I'm sure I will be back in football, coaching or managing."
<mask_1> More than 100 people died in similar attacks in the city two weeks ago. Maiduguri is where Boko Haram Islamist militants were first based when they began their insurgency six years ago. Some 17,000 people are said to have been killed in that time and attacks by the group have intensified since Muhammadu Buhari became president in May, vowing to defeat the insurgents. The BBC's Abdullahi Kaura Abubakar in the capital, Abuja, says people were waiting for the final evening prayers when three suicide bombers struck the mosque. The girl carrying the fourth bomb ran off into the nearby bush where her explosives detonated, killing her. The vigilante leader was not at home when a suicide attacker struck his house, our reporter says. Witnesses and security sources said the children were aged between nine and 15. Earlier reports said all five of the bombers were girls. <mask_1> <mask_1> This year, the security forces have reclaimed most of the territory captured by Boko Haram fighters and freed a number of people kidnapped by the militant group. But the boosted regional multinational force - central to Mr Buhari's strategy in defeating the militants - has not yet started operations in earnest because of reported funding difficulties, our reporter says. Mr Buhari has given his newly appointed security chiefs until mid-November to defeat the fighters, who now have ties with Islamic State group. More than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped in April 2014 from the town of Chibok in Borno state have also yet to be found. Using football to tackle Boko Haram Who are Boko Haram?
Honeyman, 21, initially joined the Tynesiders in October and has since made three league appearances, scoring once against Boreham Wood. Gateshead will have the Prudhoe-born player eligible for selection in the FA Trophy, which begins in December. <mask_1>
<mask_1> Walking out into Beijing's streets is like plunging into a swirling soup. The pollution swathes the city, wreathing everything in grey. To get a sense of it, take a look at this slideshow of before and after pictures that give a sense of what China's toxic sky is really like. A combination of coal emissions, dirty diesel and industrial gases, the smog has smothered everything for days. On Thursday, levels still hovered around the "very unhealthy" mark. As the official Xinhua news agency reported, more flights were delayed at Tianjin close to Beijing. Visibility in Shandong province south of Beijing was just 50m (164ft). On Thursday, too, there were reported to be more than 100 cars in crashes in Beijing. The roads were icy and slippery, but poor visibility cannot have helped. What were billed as "tough" measures brought in by Beijing's government this week to try to improve things simply have not been enough. <mask_1> But even state-controlled media now say Beijing's tough measures were ignored by city officials themselves. More than 800 government vehicles ordered off the roads were still in use, and several construction sites ordered suspended were still active on Wednesday, Xinhua reported. So everyone now is looking at the weather forecast, hoping the smog will be blown away by winds forecast for Friday. That's about the only thing that will bring some respite. A bigger question will linger even after the smog has cleared: can China curb its polluting ways for good? January's pollution has afflicted not just Beijing and its 20 million people, but more than 30 major cities and many tens of millions of people in addition. As the Communist Party's English-language tabloid the Global Times put it in an editorial on Thursday: "China's rapid development has brought us many benefits as well as accumulated many problems. Environmental protection should take up a more prominent position in China's future strategy even if it means that China's economic development will slow down." "Chinese people," the paper said, "should not tolerate environmental pollution for the pursuit of wealth... We cannot keep going with the situation that we have today." <mask_1> <mask_1> China's government seems to be in agreement. This week the cabinet approved an energy consumption "control target" for energy use by 2015. <mask_1> As Xinhua reported: "to meet the target, average annual energy consumption growth should be controlled at around 4.3% between 2011 and 2015, lower than the 6.6-percent annual increase realized between 2006 and 2010". That means more emissions to come. <mask_1> Chinese New Year is just days away. Letting off vast quantities of fireworks is part of the Spring Festival celebrations, but the fireworks produce huge amounts of pollution. "Setting off fireworks contributed greatly to air pollution in Beijing for half a month after Spring Festival in 2011," according to Du Shaozhong, former deputy director of Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau. Eight million people had already posted messages on China's Weibo microblogs this week debating whether the fireworks should be stopped this year. <mask_1> I predict more smog.
<mask_1> Until mid-December, the two parties' joint approach also extended to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal. When a BBC Spotlight investigation into the RHI affair stirred widespread public concern, both parties appeared to be making progress behind the scenes in arranging some kind of an investigation. This would have supplemented the Public Accounts Committee which had been taking evidence on the scandal since September. But after former DUP minister Jonathan Bell broke ranks on a Nolan TV special on 15 December those attempts to manage the crisis within the walls of Stormont Castle broke down. Then came the disastrous assembly sitting of 19 December, when the DUP decided to override Sinn Féin's concerns, pressing ahead with an Arlene Foster statement against Martin McGuinness's express wishes. On the day, Sinn Féin's warning of "grave consequences" looked like the party might just be crying wolf. But in reality the die was cast, as republican grassroots anger grew. The former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Hain reckons Arlene Foster's handling of the fall-out from the scandal has been a "textbook case of how not to manage a crisis". Certainly the DUP has appeared to be caught napping by the speed with which this affair developed - offering concessions, expressions of regret or offers of inquiries too late to appease its critics. The heating scandal has ignited the election, but will the battle ahead be a referendum on the RHI scandal as the Stormont opposition wants? <mask_1> The DUP is framing the contest as an attempt to "take Arlene Foster down" and to push through investigations which would put soldiers and police officers in the dock over controversial Troubles killings. Sinn Féin say it's all about the DUP's arrogance and the failure of both the DUP and the UK government to deliver on commitments in relation to the former jail at Maze/Long Kesh, the treatment of the Irish language and the logjam over the legacy of the troubles. Over and above these policy matters, it look likely that any fresh talks on the other side of the election will have to consider potential structural changes at Stormont. <mask_1> Should weighted majority voting be introduced? Should Northern Ireland have two joint first ministers rather than a first and deputy first? Should there be radical changes to the petition of concern system which has led to frequent cross-community vetoes?  In the light of Brexit, are the cross-border institutions created under the Good Friday Agreement in need of reform? All this looks like the stuff of talks which will last far longer than the three weeks the law allows to form a new executive after the March election. Whilst the major parties may talk about all this and more, expect their critics to use the campaign ahead to remind voters what brought Stormont down. <mask_1> But we won't know until the votes are counted exactly what impact the negative publicity generated by the heating scandal has had on public opinion and party allegiance. <mask_1> That point might be rendered academic if there is no Stormont assembly in which to wield a petition of concern. Nevertheless the public can have their say in this election, even if it is only to determine the relative weights the parties will be able to throw around in the potentially protracted negotiations coming up.
In a paper looking at female genital cosmetic surgery, it says women and girls should realise that female genitalia come in all shapes and sizes. They should also be told of the risks of this type of surgery. Labiaplasties on the NHS have risen fivefold in the past 10 years. Labiaplasty is the most common type of female genital cosmetic surgery, in which the size of the labia minora is reduced. It can be a treatment for women who have concerns with hygiene, difficulties during sexual intercourse or discomfort when exercising, but some women and girls want surgery because of concerns about the way their genitalia look. In extreme cases this can be linked to body dysmorphic disorder, which causes significant anxieties about body image. Statistics show that more than 2,000 labiaplasty operations were performed in 2010 on the NHS. Many more are carried out by private clinics but there are no figures available on these procedures, although the RCOG says "the practice of labiaplasty is now widespread". Dame Suzi Leather, chair of the RCOG's ethics committee, said there was concern over the recent figures. "Some women are requesting it solely for cosmetic reasons and these decisions are not always being made on an informed understanding of the normal variations that exist, but influenced by images from popular culture and the pornography industry. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Official stats show that the labiaplasty procedure is not restricted to adults. In the past five years, 266 of these procedures have been carried out on girls under 14. While the reasons for the procedures are unknown, they are likely to have been performed for medical reasons or to correct congenital abnormalities. <mask_1> Although no research has been carried out on these long-term risks, it is thought that damage to sexual function and sensitivity can occur after labiaplasty. Bleeding and wound infection can also occur in the short term. <mask_1> Consultant plastic surgeon Paul Banwell, from the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons, welcomed the recommendations published in both papers and said patients should always be given full, accurate information and be properly counselled before surgery. But he said clinicians should also be sensitive to potential problems. "An asymmetrical labia can lead to functional problems as well as aesthetic problems. Over 50% of my patients see me due to functional reasons. Only a small proportion are there for purely aesthetic reasons." <mask_1> Tim Goodacre, head of professional standards at the British Association of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons and a consultant plastic surgeon, said he supported the recommendations as a means of improving patient care. "We would like to see tougher central regulation of the cosmetic surgery industry to help clamp down on anyone performing these operations unnecessarily, and without due consideration for patient care." But he said he found attempts to increase profits by encouraging more female genital procedures "abhorrent". He added: "We urge stringent and robust restrictions on advertising such operations with a firm objective to limit any material other than that with information only. All advertising that could in any way be seen as persuasive should be banned."
Whatever bridges have been or are being built, Brussels' day of terror threatens to blow them all away. <mask_1> As the police sirens wailed around my office all morning, I was overwhelmed, rendered speechless. That was not the case for everyone. Was it just the temptation to vent anger, or a pent-up polarisation, that filled Twitter and Facebook with such noxious opinion? Sweeping generalisations, calls for exclusion, purging, a police state. Like whiplash after a collision, first you hit the steering wheel, then you get thrown back - twice broken. What we know so far Why was Brussels attacked? Victims and survivors I have no way to know what is inside the heads - let alone the hearts - of the bombers, though the signposts seem clear enough. They don't wage war, but they sow terror, fear, mistrust. "Will I take the metro to get to the station?" "What's that large suitcase doing there?" "Does that man look suspicious?" Division. Rage, and rage combined with fear and suspicion, makes hatred. Terrorists know exactly how to fix a deadly cocktail, but are the rest of us compelled to drink it? Those who are now calling for an iron-fisted response to knock "the Other" senseless, are screaming out their impotence: their inability to comprehend this inhuman violence, but also their incomprehension of why this violence can exist. We all share that inability and incomprehension today. The hate that comes with it, for some, at its worst creates for the low-minded a chance for political opportunism. What we need are bridges and oneness. We should embrace everybody who rejects political violence. We need everyone. Today the urgencies precede the nuances: we must care for the wounded, avert the imminent threat, bury the dead, clear the rubble. <mask_1> We urgently need an effective answer to violent radicalisation. Some people have been working on finding that answer, but we need it faster - as soon as we discard our torn garb, admit and acknowledge our grief, focus our anger and face the damage. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Those same governments should also as a priority invest in the society they have to protect: in trust, in the opportunity to have a future, in spaces of encounter, in democratic debate, in the belief that every call to defend "our values" does literally concern every citizen. Our leaders must stand tall and adopt the manner of then Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg following Anders Breivik's attacks in 2012: "We are still shocked by what has happened, but we will never give up our values. Our response is more democracy, more openness, and more humanity. We will answer hatred with love." Terror aims first at citizens, but they need not be solely its first victims; they can become the first responders. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Words that are drenched in vitriol today are multiplied by social networks - those which always function, even when roads are blocked, trains stand still and mobile networks fail. They must be washed clean so they can be re-used for better purposes. E pluribus unum, reads the United States seal: "one from many", unity from diversity. <mask_1> Belgium's motto is "Unity makes strength". Let us build that strength and use it to make this world both safe and just, for everyone. Because alone, one-legged, we will not be able to span the gap created by the terrorists in Brussels. Gie Goris is editor-in-chief of MO* magazine, a Belgian print and online publication with a focus on global trends. He has been writing on culture, religion and conflict for more than 25 years, with special interest in Afghanistan and the broader region.
Mansfield 103.2 has reportedly been targeted eight times in the past month. Outside broadcasts are being hijacked and replaced with The Winker's Song by comedy band Ivor Biggun. <mask_1> Station manager Tony Delahunty said the latest occasion was on Sunday when a live interview from the town's Party in the Market event was interrupted by a male voice shouting, then the song playing. <mask_1> "For listeners under the age of 11 travelling to school, it can be a very offensive thing for them to hear, so I just want it to stop. "But I would also love to see who it is and have them caught." "There's absolutely nothing we can do," he continued. <mask_1> Our transmitter people can't do anything because the person is using a mobile transmitter." Ivor Biggun is fronted by Robert "Doc" Cox, best known for his appearances on BBC TV's That's Life programme. The band has released four albums of double-entendre filled songs. Mr Delahunty said communications regulator Ofcom had tried to track the offender on three occasions but had so far also been unsuccessful. A spokesperson said: "Ofcom takes malicious radio interference extremely seriously. "Our Spectrum Engineering Officers are working closely with Mansfield 103.2 to trace and identify those responsible for these criminal activities." They added maliciously causing interference was a criminal act that carries a maximum punishment of two years' imprisonment and an unlimited fine.
The Communists' president, Guillermo Teillier admitted his party approved an armed operation targeting the late General Augusto Pinochet in 1986. Five troops escorting the leader died and 11 were injured in the ambush. Around 3,000 people disappeared or died in Chile between 1973 and 1990 and 30,000 are believed to have been tortured by the authorities. <mask_1> It was "nothing more than a reaction" to what the government had been doing against the Communist leadership, Mr Teillier said. The  women taking legal action say they want him jailed for the deaths. "We want justice and equality before the law, that's all we want," one of the widows told Chilean Radio Bio Bio. The recent 40th anniversary of the 1973 coup headed by Gen Pinochet re-ignited nationwide debate about responsibilities and punishment for crimes committed during the period of military rule. The daughters of an ally of the deposed leader Salvador Allende, former President Michelle Bachelet, and of a Pinochet assistant, Evelyn Matthei, are pitted against each other in next months presidential elections, which has heightened the country's political sensitivity further.
Documents and computer equipment were seized from the Mossack Fonseca office, officials said on Twitter. The attorney general's office said the Mossack Fonseca sign had been removed a day earlier and quoted an employee as saying the firm was moving. The leak showed how some wealthy people use offshore companies to evade tax. The raid was overseen by El Salvador's Attorney General Douglas Melendez. <mask_1> Local news website El Faro reported (in Spanish) that Salvadoreans had used Mossack Fonseca to buy property in the country without declaring  the purchases to the Salvadorean authorities. The firm has denied it has done anything wrong and says the information is being presented out of context. Elsewhere:
The semi-official Iranian Students News Agency (Isna) said the fire was in an "explosive materials production unit". A pro-opposition website reported a huge blast near the Parchin military site, south-east of the capital, but this was not confirmed. Parchin has been linked to Iran's controversial nuclear programme. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has not been given access to the complex since 2005. <mask_1> The pro-reform website Sahamnews said the explosion on Sunday evening was so intense that windows of buildings 15km (nine miles) away were shattered. The glare from the blast could also be seen from a great distance, the report added. Isna, quoting Iran's defence industries organisation, said: "Unfortunately, due to the incident, two workers of this production unit lost their lives." It gave no further details. Last month, the IAEA said more activity had been conducted at the Parchin military base. It said Iran had also missed a deadline to answer further questions about its nuclear programme. Iran is in negotiations with six world powers on a permanent agreement over its nuclear industry. <mask_1> Talks are focused on lifting Western sanctions in exchange for a scaling-back of Iran's uranium enrichment programme, and a deadline for the agreement has been set for 24 November.
<mask_1> The counties are voting to nominate candidates to replace David Wu, who resigned from the US House of Representatives amid a sex scandal. Voters in Oregon have cast their ballots entirely by post since 2000. As voting gets under way on Tuesday, election workers will canvass the five Oregon counties bearing iPads and portable printers, stopping at parks, community centres and nursing homes. Residents do not officially "vote" on the tablet, but instead use software developed by Oregon's elections division to cast their ballot, which is then printed out to be mailed back to the state. <mask_1> Voters with poor vision can adjust the font size and screen colours, or have the candidate names read off. One of the first users of the iPad ballot was 75-year-old Lewis Crews, who has severe arthritis and avoided using a pen to mark his ballot. "It's a lot simpler for me. I think it's a great setup they got," Mr Crews told the Associated Press news agency. If the pilot programme is successful, state elections officials say they will make the technology available across Oregon. <mask_1> Oregon would need at least 72 iPads to make it a state-wide program, according to Steve Trout, state elections director. That would bring the total cost for the computers to about $36,000, with a smaller total for the portable printers. In its last two budgets, Oregon spent more than $325,000 on accessible voting tools.
A third of people surveyed by housing charity Cymorth Cymru said health problems contributed to them losing their home. Seven recommendations have been made to health boards, landlords and councils to ensure better support. The Welsh Government said it welcomed the report and would consider its recommendations. The charity - an umbrella body for providers of housing support and social care services - analysed responses from 332 homeless people from 21 out of 22 local authority areas. It was commissioned by the Welsh Government to look at the experiences of people who had slept rough, stayed in a hostel or B&B, stayed with friends or relatives, or applied to the council as homeless. A third of the sample stated their homelessness was caused, at least in part, by a health problem, when drug or alcohol problems were included as part of a broadly defined health issue. Nearly a quarter who were admitted to hospital said they were discharged to the streets or "unsuitable accommodation". More than two-thirds of respondents had not had a hepatitis B or flu vaccination and half the eligible female respondents did not have cervical smears or breast examinations on a regular basis. <mask_1> Cymorth Cymru director Katie Dalton said the results suggested poor health was a cause as well as an effect of homelessness. "People can start to experience a physical or mental health problem and that can impact on their ability to engage in employment - they could see their income reduce or stop, not be able to afford their rent or mortgage and lose their home," she said. <mask_1> Recommendations Ms Dalton added: "It's really important that we think more creatively to improve those health stats in futureâ€¦ this isn't necessarily about more resources - it's about being smarter. "Significant proportions of homeless people use emergency departments and ambulances to access hospital - we believe that if early intervention was working, those people could be prevented from needing those services and reduce pressure on the NHS. "We actually found that 63% of people who filled out the questionnaire didn't have a drug or alcohol problem - that's probably in contrast to what public perception is around substance misuse." <mask_1>
The 32-year-old former Warwickshire seamer's last first-team appearance for the Hove side came in June 2014. <mask_1> "It's been a frustrating 18 months. <mask_1> Anyon joined Sussex ahead of the 2010 campaign and became a consistent performer for their Championship side. He took 55 first-class wickets at an average of 32.45 in 2011 and a further 50 at 28.64 in 2013. Anyon also made 1,086 first-class runs during his spell with Sussex. "I'm very fortunate to have played my best cricket at Sussex," he added. "I'd like to make a special thank you to the medical staff and the Professional Cricketers' Association for all their help over the past 12 months. I wish the club success going forward."
The 22-year-old joined Surrey from Essex over the winter and helped the club win promotion to Division One of the County Championship. <mask_1> "Ben has had an excellent first season at Surrey," director of cricket Alec Stewart said. "He thoroughly deserved his selection for the England Lions squad this winter. "He has a huge role to play over the coming years and I'm confident that his talent and performances with us will see him play for England in the future."
The 25-year-old, who had been with Reading since leaving Huddersfield in 2014, started all four of Northern Ireland's matches at Euro 2016 in June. <mask_1> "He's a box-to-box midfielder and an excellent passer of the ball," manager Chris Hughton told the club website. "He has a good grounding, coming from Manchester United, and gives us extra options in midfield and adds further depth to our squad." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
A series of amendments to a regulation on how internet traffic is managed in Europe were all rejected by MEPs. Proponents of net neutrality, who demand that web traffic be treated equally by networks, have already criticised the move. The existing legislation, which was accepted, will be developed into regulations. <mask_1> For example, it is thought that so-called "zero rating" agreements, in which customers can access certain sites and services for free outside their data plans, might become more widespread. While this could be beneficial for those who want to access content from those providers, others worry that it will stifle innovation. The rules, however, do stipulate that network companies will not be able to offer or market paid-for access to "fast lanes". Traffic management, they add, should be based on objective technical requirements. Although some campaigners had suggested there might be growing support for the amendments within the parliament, all were voted down in large majorities. <mask_1> The result is "hardly surprising" according to legal expert Chris Marsden at the University of Sussex, given that many of the major parties represented in the parliament all supported the regulation text without amendments. The Body of European Regulators (BEREC) would now have nine months to issue guidelines to bodies like Ofcom in the UK, he added. "So, [by] September next year we will have the guidelines and the real enforcement work begins," he told the BBC. Dr Marsden also said there were still plenty of unknowns, such as what form regulations on "zero ratings" and fast and slow lane services might actually take. <mask_1> Some initial guidelines, Dr Marsden added, would not be ready until 2016. <mask_1> <mask_1> Firms which has openly supported the amendments included: "The fact is that what we use the internet for in 2015 is vastly different from those early days when Tim Berners-Lee was inventing the web," commented Chris Green of business consultancy Lewis as he pointed out that the rise of video streaming had placed extra burdens on network companies. "Maintaining that information flow is an expensive process and the cost of running that infrastructure is falling on the shoulders of ISPs. "For them, a two-tier internet makes much more sense," he told the BBC. <mask_1> That's the essence of net neutrality. However, it's possible to decide to prioritise certain types of data over others - perhaps, for example, by charging the producers of such data a fee to make sure their content gets delivered promptly. For big video streaming sites, the prospect is worrying. They could find themselves coughing up lots of money in fees simply to give their users the same experience as before. Some argue, however, that such fees are fair since it costs internet service providers a lot of money to keep providing such content, no matter how popular the streaming sites become. Part of the problem with the rules in their current form, argued Joe McNamee at the European Digital Rights campaign group, is that they are ambiguous. <mask_1> The sort of scenarios that could impact internet use include the creation of "fast lanes" and "slow lanes" or the creation of "zero ratings" in which some services may be accessed without using up any of the internet user's data quota. In Belgium, for example,  some mobile phone companies currently allow unlimited access to Twitter and Facebook while all other data usage is part of a monthly plan. In a few countries such as the Netherlands, such practices are not allowed. Besides a host of net neutrality campaigners, inventor of the world wide web Sir Tim Berners-Lee had added his voice to those supporting the amendments. "If adopted as currently written, these rules will threaten innovation, free speech and privacy, and compromise Europe's ability to lead in the digital economy," he wrote in a blog. <mask_1> The firms included Netflix, Tumblr, Vimeo, Kickstarter and Reddit. "I was contacted by a number of start-ups and investors because they were deeply concerned about the impact of the European Parliament's network neutrality proposals on start-up innovation in Europe," Stanford professor Barbara van Schewick, who helped pen the letter, told the BBC. Interestingly, three countries within the EU - Netherlands, Slovenia and Finland - already have a range of net neutrality rules enshrined in law. These laws might have to be altered depending on how the new, EU-wide rules are interpreted by regulators later. Elsewhere, net neutrality has received some regulatory protection in the United States after a vote in February this year placed new restrictions on what deals could be sought by internet firms with content providers. But in other countries, such as India, "zero rating" is allowed. "It's a fragmented picture across the board," said Dr Marsden. "It's an extremely difficult area and there are probably no absolutely right answers."
<mask_1> And for some two million of these objects, their distance and sideways motion across the heavens has also been accurately plotted. Gaia's mapping effort is already unprecedented in scale, but it still has several years to run. Remarkably, scientists say the store of information even now is too big for them to sift, and they are appealing for the public's help in making discoveries. To give one simple example of the scope of Gaia: Of the 1.1 billion light sources in Wednesday's data release, something like 400 million of these objects have never been recorded in any previous catalogue. "You're imaging the whole sky in basically [Hubble] space telescope quality and because you can now resolve all the stars that previously maybe looked as though they were merged as one star at low resolution - now we can see them," explained Anthony Brown from Leiden University, Netherlands. Gerry Gilmore from Cambridge University, UK, was one of the mission's proposers. "Gaia is going to be a revolution," he said. "It's as if we as astronomers have been bluffing up until now. We're now going to see the truth." A web portal has been opened where anyone can play with Gaia data and look for novel phenomena. When a group of schoolchildren showed the BBC how to do it last week, they stumbled across a supernova - an exploded star. The European Space Agency (Esa) launched its Gaia mission in 2013. <mask_1> This observatory made the go-to Milky Way catalogue for its time - an astonishing chart of our cosmic neighbourhood. <mask_1> Gaia, with its first release of data, has just increased that haul 20-fold. <mask_1> <mask_1> The new mission actually carries two telescopes, which it scans across the Milky Way from a location about 1.5 million km from Earth. The telescopes' mirrors throw their captured light on to a huge, one-billion-pixel camera detector connected to a trio of instruments. It is this ultra-stable and supersensitive optical equipment that Gaia uses to pick out its sample of stars with extraordinary confidence. The called-for specification was to get to know the brightest objects' coordinates down to an error of just seven micro-arcseconds. <mask_1> In addition to their position and proper motion, the stars are having their physical properties analysed by Gaia. Its instruments are acquiring details such temperature and composition. These are markers needed to help determine the stars' ages. Not all of this information can be gleaned at once. It will take repeat viewing, but by the end of five years of operations the 100,000 stars fully profiled by Hipparcos should become at least a billion in the Gaia catalogue. That is a conservative estimate, however. If one thing is clear from the new data it is that Gaia is seeing many more fainter stars than anyone anticipated. Once the project is complete it could have plotted 2-3 billion light sources. Gaia - The discovery machine Astronomers around the world will have dived into the data the moment it went live on servers on Wednesday - and for all manner of reasons. Some of the 1.1 billion light sources will not actually be stars; they will be the very bright centres of very distant galaxies - what are known as quasars. The nature of their light can be used to calculate the mass of all the stuff between them and us - a means, in effect, to weigh the Universe. A good number of other data-users will be planet-hunters. <mask_1> <mask_1> "The numbers are going to be impressive; we expect 20,000. The thing is, you need patience because the exoplanets are something where you have to collect five years of data to see the deviation in the movements." By way of comparison, in the past 20 years of planet-hunting, astronomers have confirmed 3,000 worlds beyond our Solar System. One eagerly anticipated measurement is the radial velocity of stars. This describes the movement they make towards or away from Gaia as they turn around the galaxy. <mask_1> It should be possible, for example, to make a kind of time-lapse movie - to run forwards to see how the galaxy might evolve into the future, or to run backwards to see how our cosmic neighbourhood came to be the shape it is today. <mask_1> But this was thrown into doubt when it was realised soon after Gaia's launch that unexpected stray light was getting into the telescope. This made the observation of the faintest stars and their colours far more challenging. Engineers think they understand the problem: in part it is caused by the way sunlight bends past the 10m-diameter shade that Gaia uses to keep its telescopes in shadow. And the good news according to the scientists is that they think they can work around the difficulties. <mask_1> "Clearly, with the stray light we lost sensitivity. On the other hand, it happens to be that there are more stars than were thought before. So we're still talking about 100 million radial velocities," Timo Prusti told BBC News. Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
It is feared Toshiba may have to write down the value of the unit by a larger-than-expected 700bn yen ($6.1bn; Â£5bn). There are unconfirmed reports Toshiba is seeking aid from the government-backed Development Bank of Japan (DBJ). Toshiba said the exact writedown figure was not finalised, and declined to comment on any DBJ approach. The laptops-to-hydro power giant was plunged into crisis late last year when it emerged it faced huge cost overruns on projects handled by a newly-bought company that builds US nuclear power plants. Toshiba's US operation Westinghouse paid about $229m in 2015 for Stone & Webster, the nuclear construction subsidiary of Chicago Bridge & Iron. But on 27 December Toshiba admitted that it faced writedowns of "several billion dollars". The company later indicated that the size of the writedowns would be between $1bn and $4.5bn. Toshiba's nuclear services business brings in about one-third of the industrial giant's revenue. The share price, down 26% at one stage on Thursday, is now 50% lower than when the writedown revelations emerged amid fears that the company still has no firm grip on the final costs. <mask_1> <mask_1> Japan's Nikkei newspaper and the Reuters agency were among news groups reporting that Toshiba had approached the country's development bank, and is looking to spin-off its profitable Nand computer memory division to raise cash. Toshiba is thought to have been in close contact with its bank lenders about providing more financial support. Reuters said there would be more meetings with the main banks this week. "The key thing to watch here is whether Toshiba's liabilities will exceed its assets. If that happens it will be difficult for some banks to step up with new financing," said Mana Nakazora, chief credit analyst at BNP Paribas. Mr Nakazora said, however, she did not expect Toshiba to default on its debt as its main banks would stick by it, adding that some sort of package involving asset sales, financing and capital from the government was the most likely solution. <mask_1> "We are still discussing how to deal with this issue, and no concrete decisions have been made," the company said.
It reflects the tradition that, while a president is overseas, domestic bickering should be put on hold, as partisan grievances are best kept within the family. Those norms, which used to be considered iron-clad, have frayed considerably in recent decades. Leave it to Donald Trump, however, to throw kerosene on whatever remains and dance around the ashes. <mask_1> Here's a closer look: Trump:"I've said it very simply, I think it could very well have been Russia but I think it could well have been other countries and I won't be specific, but a lot of people interfere." Anthony: The question that set Mr Trump off, from MSNBC reporter Hallie Jackson, was direct. "Will you once and for all yes or no definitively say that Russia interfered in the 2016 election?" His answer was far from a definitive "yes". Instead he engaged in several paragraphs worth of water-muddying along the lines of past remarks, where he has suggested the Chinese or some "400-pound person sitting in bed" could be the true culprit behind the email hacks of top Democratic officials in 2016. Trump: "Barack Obama, when he found out about this in terms of if it was Russia, found out about it in August. Now the election was in November. <mask_1> Anthony: According to the Washington Post article that detailed the extent of the information available to Mr Obama at the time - including that Russian President Vladimir Putin had directly ordered election meddling -  the then-president took several steps. In September, he directly warned Mr Putin face-to-face to stop Russian cyber-activities in the US. He directed his intelligence officials to reach out to congressional leadership, although the Republicans were reluctant to participate in any bipartisan call for action. He also informed state governments to ensure that their electoral systems were secure. Trump: "They say he choked. Well, I don't think he choked." Anthony: Mr Obama's response didn't go over well with everyone in his administration. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Had he thought the other way he would have done something about it." <mask_1> Mr Trump has apparently concluded that if the situation for Mrs Clinton had appeared more dire, he would have been more aggressive in his response. <mask_1> Trump: "I heard it was 17 agencies. Boy, that's a lot. Do we even have that many intelligence agencies?" Anthony: Yes, the US does. The CIA and the FBI are the big ones, but there are also intelligence divisions within the State, Defence, Homeland Security, Treasury and Energy departments, as well as multiple military intelligence offices. It's not something most Americans would be expected to know. Whether those at the top of the US government should have a basic familiarity with the nation's national security establishment is another question. <mask_1> Trump: "We did some very heavy research, and it turned out to be three or four. It wasn't 17 and many of your compatriots had to change their reporting, and they had to apologise and they had to correct." <mask_1> The assessment that Russia interfered in the 2016 election was the result of efforts by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Central Intelligence Agency and National Security Agency, and published in a report by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which represents all US intelligence agencies. Other intelligence divisions, like Coast Guard Intelligence, the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency and the Drug Enforcement Administration's Office of National Security Intelligence would have had nothing relevant to add to the report. Obama Administration Director of National Intelligence James Clapper pointed this out multiple times during testimony before Congress on 8 May, but the media outlets only recently modified their original articles. Neither the Associated Press or the New York Times "apologised", however. Trump: "I remember that I was sitting back listening about Iraq. Weapons of mass destruction. How everybody was 100% sure that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Guess what, that led to one big mess. They were wrong." <mask_1> <mask_1> Making those charges on a debate stage is one thing, however. Highlighting the shortcomings of US intelligence on foreign soil, in front of the world media, while standing next to a fellow head of state, however, is astounding. Trump: "I think what CNN did was unfortunate for them, as you know now, they have some pretty serious problems. They have been fake news for a long time, they've been covering me in a very dishonest way. Do you have that also, Mr President?" <mask_1> What makes this time a different, of course, was the president's aside to the Polish leader, who has been accused of cracking down on his own nation's free press. He recently blocked adversarial reporters from covering parliament and in January 2016 fired the executives of the nation's public radio and television networks, replacing them with individuals more friendly to the government. <mask_1> "Mr Trump's Justice Department will decide whether to approve the merger, and while analysts say there is little to stop the deal from moving forward, the president's animus toward CNN remains a wild card," the paper reports. Trump: "NBC equally is bad, despite the fact that I made them a fortune with The Apprentice, but they forgot that." Anthony: NBC News officials will likely howl at the insinuation that their coverage could ever be influenced by commercial considerations of their network - even if the Apprentice, at least early in its 14-season run, was a ratings success. Donald Trump didn't make out too badly from his involvement with his reality television show, either. According to campaign disclosures, he earned more than $213m from the programme. And the visibility he received from being portrayed as a take-charge executive once a week on prime-time commercial television? That, as they say, was priceless.
While there was Scottish 10,000m gold for Liz Lynch, now Liz McColgan, the Games came at a heavy financial cost due to the boycott by 32 out of the 59 competing nations. Teams withdrew after being angered by the British government's attitude to apartheid-era South Africa. <mask_1> As Scotland prepares to host the Games once more, memories of the Edinburgh Games were brought back this week when the Queen's Baton Relay - the main curtain raiser for the Games - passed through the North Atlantic island. For Bermudian swimmer Victor Ruberry and 100m runner Bill Trott, 1986 was a farce. It is an episode of their lives which still causes frustration. Before the Games, Ruberry and Trott were gravely concerned like thousands of others about apartheid in South Africa. <mask_1> They just wanted to compete. <mask_1> When the athletes arrived in Edinburgh, there were reports of safety concerns for the Bermudians. <mask_1> <mask_1> "There was no-one supervising us, and that is how safe we felt. As we came back late at night, we bumped into John Morbey and he had just found out that the Bermuda Olympic Association had pulled us out. "That is when all the drama started. I was deflated." <mask_1> After a day of discussions, Trott remembers a call was eventually made to Bermuda's leader John Swan while the opening ceremony was taking place on television screens behind them. Swan offered his support, and Trott and his teammates frantically got dressed into their Panama hats, blue blazers and beige shorts and rushed to Meadowbank Stadium to take part. Having missed their slot, they marched on just before the host nation and received one of the biggest cheers of the night, with Scottish fans - facing a Commonwealth Games without half the Commonwealth - showing their delight. Ruberry, meanwhile, missed the ceremony as he prepared to take part in his 100m breaststroke the following day. He remembers Morbey coming into his room around midnight to confirm he would be swimming in the morning. <mask_1> The BOA had finally decided to remove the team from the Games. Ruberry was disqualified for keeping his head under water at the end of his race. He said: "Your mental state was not one where you were focused on competition. "It was an abysmal swim. It was nowhere near what I was prepped to do prior to that. I am not making excuses, I just did not feel ready. At one point we were packing our bags, the next moment we were unpacking our bags." After the team's withdrawal, Morbey went on television in disgust over the BOA's decision while the athletes hung their bed sheets out the window with 'Bermuda wants to stay, don't penalise our athletes' written on one. When the Bermudians returned home, Trott remembered an island sympathetic towards the athletes but behind the decision to boycott. Twenty-eight years later, the athletes still reflect on what the 1986 boycott meant for them. Trott said: "It was unfortunate that we were put in a situation like that. What I learnt from all of that was politics can play a role in some cases that it shouldn't." <mask_1> He makes regular reports online, on radio and on television BBC Queen's Baton Relay: Glasgow 2014 Follow Mark Beaumont on Twitter For Ruberry, the Edinburgh Games were the second time his dreams had been shattered by a political boycott after missing out on the 1980 Moscow Olympics. He gave up swimming, believing the countless hours of training were not worth it when it could all be scuppered by a boycott. <mask_1> He said: "Any sporting event brings people together. Boycotts serve to divide. "They are a huge disappointment for the athletes who have been training so hard for something like that, and all of a sudden you take away the goalposts. "I still to this day don't believe there is a place for boycotts in sport. There is so much more that can be accomplished by the positives - the healthy competition, people coming together. "If you are going to do something political, then don't use the athletes as pawns."
The Mexican actress set up a meeting in October between Hollywood star Sean Penn and Guzman, who was on the run at the time. Prosecutors say she may have received money from Guzman to launch her tequila business last year. She denies any wrongdoing. Ms Del Castillo, who also has American citizenship, was called in for questioning shortly after Guzman's arrest. But she failed to turn up at the Mexican consulate in Los Angeles, where she lives. The new order is valid in Mexican territory only. If she returns to her native country, she will be detained and questioned as a witness. <mask_1> "She's not hiding anything. There's no problem locating her. Everyone knows she has lawyers, publicists, agents," Mr Braun told AP news agency. <mask_1> Mexican prosecutors said they respected her decision and "the principle of presumed innocence," said Attorney General Arely Gomez. Guzman was captured by Mexican troops in the northern city of Los Mochis on 8 January. He was taken back to the Altiplano high security jail near Mexico City, six months after escaping through a tunnel. Guzman was the founder of the brutal Sinaloa Cartel, which smuggled vast amounts of drugs into the United States. Mexico is seeking his extradition to the US. <mask_1> Some of the messages seem to mention business deals, Ms Gomez told El Universal newspaper last month. "They mention 'the order,' 'we're in business,' 'let's go together'. There's a great deal we still need to find out," said Ms Gomez. Last year, Kate del Castillo launched her own tequila brand, Honor del Castillo. <mask_1> Kate del Castillo is best known for her portrayal of drug boss Teresa Mendoza in the soap opera La Reina del Sur (Queen of the South).
Emergency services were called to the scene near the Cantref Reservoir at Nant Ddu at 10:00 BST on Saturday. <mask_1> The road was closed in both directions for two hours while crash investigations took place.
You might argue about the order in which they should be placed, but few fans - aside from some Barcelona or Real Madrid followers who are unwilling to praise their greatest enemy's biggest star - would question the suggestion that those two are head and shoulders above everybody else. That impression is supported by the result of the annual Ballon d'Or award, which has been presented to Messi in 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 and to Ronaldo in 2008, 2013 and 2014, with nobody else claiming the prize since Kaka in 2007. Now, however, perhaps it is time to reconsider the old notion that nobody else comes close to touching Messi and Ronaldo, because another flamboyant talent is also performing at similarly outrageous levels: Neymar. <mask_1> Late on in Barcelona's home game with Villarreal this month, with the hosts leading 2-0 through goals from Neymar and Luis Suarez, a familiar chant echoed around the Nou Camp as fans reminded an injured hero that he had not been forgotten: "Meeessi, Meeessi, Meeessi…" While they sang, Barca surged forward and Luis Suarez advanced down the left before curling a bouncing cross towards Neymar on the edge of the penalty area. What Neymar did next will never be forgotten by those fortunate enough to witness it, with the Brazilian forward conjuring a piece of magic which his national team coach Dunga later described as "the sort of thing that makes football the beautiful game". With his back to goal, Neymar controlled the cross with his stomach, then immediately flicked it over his head to lose his marker and swivelled 180 degrees to meet the dropping ball with a fierce low volley which flew into the back of the net. The goal was met with astonishment as much as jubilation, and more than 70,000 fans rose to their feet to acclaim the scorer by quickly adapting their previous chant: "Neeeymar, Neeeymar, Neeeymar." <mask_1> I'm king now.' That goal against Villarreal was Neymar's 11th of the season in La Liga, making him the league's top scorer - three ahead of Ronaldo despite playing 93 fewer minutes. Not insignificantly, he has been in a particularly rich vein of form during Messi's spell on the sidelines, rising to the challenge of compensating for his fellow South American's absence by scoring 10 goals in his past seven club games. Although this season's achievements have been particularly impressive, nobody should be too surprised to see Neymar making such a big impact because he has been scoring goals for fun ever since breaking into the Santos first team at the age of 17. He is still only 23, yet Neymar has 249 career goals: 136 for Santos, 67 for Barcelona and 46 for Brazil. To put those figures into context, by the time Messi and Ronaldo reached the age Neymar is now (23 years and nine months), they had 'only' registered respective career goal tallies of 186 and 127. Each case is different, with Ronaldo needing some time to develop into the awesome physical specimen he is today, while Messi's younger years were spent in a Barcelona team containing other established stars who commanded more than their fair share of attention. Furthermore, you could argue that a chunk of Neymar's early goals came 'cheaply' as they were scored in the relatively low standard Brazilian state championship. While it does not necessarily follow that Neymar will end up scoring more goals than Messi and Ronaldo simply because he has scored more than them by his current age, surely it suggests that this young man from Sao Paulo should be taken seriously as a potential all-time great? <mask_1> "At the moment he is surpassing Ronaldo," Masnou told BBC Sport. "Cristiano is enduring a 'grey' period, uncomfortable with his club and his coach. He isn't leading his team or serving as their reference point, although that could easily change in just one game. "But Neymar has become more integral to Barca. He is more consistent and growing a lot as the years go by. <mask_1> Those views were echoed by a man who knows Neymar extremely well: Tata Martino, who was his coach at Barcelona when he arrived from Santos in the summer of 2013 and who is now in charge of Argentina. Before last week's World Cup qualifier between the two nations, Martino commented: "Neymar has reached a point of maturity. What he's doing now puts him on a level with the two footballers we consider above the rest." Ronaldinho, who remains a revered figure among Barcelona fans, was also glowing in his tribute of his countryman as he enthused: "Neymar is a phenomenon. <mask_1> It will soon get much harder for Neymar to maintain his recent standards, however, because Messi's absence through injury is nearly over. And when that happens, the focus of the Barca team and everyone else - fans, media and opponents - will immediately return to the Argentine. <mask_1> Messi's status is illustrated off the pitch by the parrot-like phrase trotted out weekly by every Barca player that he is "the best player in the world", and manager Luis Enrique notably brushed aside a question after the Villarreal game asking whether Neymar is the second best, instead blandly asserting that he is proud to coach lots of great players. Considering Messi's consistent greatness, the reliance upon him is understandable. But it does mean the other players are forced to somewhat subdue their natural games in order to meet the demands of contributing to a team built around Messi. Some, such as Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Alexis Sanchez, have been forced to leave in order to allow their personal talents to flourish. <mask_1> Masnou says Neymar will, in the short term, have no problem stepping out of the spotlight once Messi returns. "He didn't join Barca to overshadow Messi, but to be his heir," Masnou said. <mask_1> <mask_1> The question, however, is how much longer Neymar will be prepared to accept that role. Messi is only 28 and could still be performing at or near his peak for another four or five years. By then, Neymar will be in his late 20s and may well have grown tired of being the chief member of the supporting cast rather than taking the lead role. Perhaps the key for Barca will be to create a slightly more level playing field, one which places just as much importance in Neymar as it does in Messi: to use Masnou's poetic phrase, a system which makes them "equal protagonists". The past few weeks have suggested that Neymar is good enough to merit a more elevated standing, placing him shoulder to shoulder with Messi rather than deferentially looking up to him. Whether Messi will be prepared to share his crown is another matter.
Connie Yates's and Chris Gard's son Charlie is receiving 24-hour treatment for a condition that causes progressive muscle weakness. <mask_1> A High Court judge will decide on Monday what is in his best interests. <mask_1> Though born healthy in August 2016, Charlie began to lose weight and strength by the time he was eight weeks old. <mask_1> Last month, his parents told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme that they would continue to fight for their child's survival. They said: "He can move his mouth, he can move his hands. He can't open them fully, but he can still open his eyes and see us, in response to us. "We don't feel he's in pain at all." The couple, who live in London, believe Charlie may have a chance of surviving if he receives pioneering treatment in the US. "We just want to have our chance. It would never be a cure but it could help him live. If it saves him, amazing," Miss Yates said. "I want to save others. Even if Charlie doesn't make it through this, I don't ever want another mum and their child to go through this." Charlie is thought to be just one of 16 children in the world to suffer from mitochondrial depletion syndrome. Earlier this month, a spokesperson for Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Foundation Trust said: "Charlie has a very rare and complex disease, for which there is no accepted cure. "Charlie was very unwell when he was admitted to Great Ormond Street Hospital and has remained under 24-hour care on our intensive care unit. "But his condition has continued to deteriorate and we now feel we have exhausted all available proven treatment options. "We cannot imagine how hugely distressing this is for his family. <mask_1>
Olivia Colman and David Tennant are back as DS Ellie Miller and DI Alec Hardy, this time investigating the rape of a woman in the fictional Dorset town. She's played by former Coronation Street actress Julie Hesmondhalgh. Jodie Whittaker and Andrew Buchan return to play Beth and Mark Latimer, along with Arthur Darvill as local vicar Paul Coates. Other cast members include  Lenny Henry, Georgina Campbell, Sarah Parish, Charlie Higson and Mark Bazeley. The first episode, shown on Monday night, drew 7.5 million viewers. <mask_1> <mask_1> Here's what the TV critics had to say about the start of the new series. Read the full reviews from the Daily Mail, The Independent, the Daily Express, the Telegraph, The Times (subscription required) and the Radio Times. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
In November and December, the main line at Cowley Bridge near Exeter was submerged, closing it for 11 days. Business leaders and Devon and Cornwall's councils have written to the Environment Agency and Network Rail. Network Rail has insisted work is being done to improve the situation. The joint letter said that while the "severe impact" the closure of Cowley Bridge had on Devon and Cornwall's economies had been recognised, there was still "no firm, positive and long-term solution". Network Rail said a bid for £30m had been submitted to the government which would pay for work at 10 locations to make the South West's rail tracks more resilient against flooding and landslips. But the letter said although work was due to be carried out in January, it did not include work at Cowley Bridge. <mask_1> Mike Gallop, Network Rail's route asset management director, said a detailed study had been carried out after the flooding. "I think it's very important to state that we're not proposing to stop the flooding at Cowley Bridge," he told BBC News. "What we are proposing is to improve the resilience of the railway - to recover the service and recover the track and signalling much more effectively than we did last year." <mask_1> "The railway to the South West is a priority - not only Cowley Bridge," he added.
The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics) predicted that the UK housing market will slow down over the next three months. In April, landlords and second home owners face a 3% stamp duty surcharge on new purchases. This would slow price rises, Rics said, but only in the short-term. Surveyors still expect house prices to rise by 25% over the next five years. "Over the past three months, we have witnessed a surge in buy-to-let activity," said Simon Rubinsohn, Rics chief economist. "Investors have rushed to purchase homes before the stamp duty surcharge comes into effect. <mask_1> "While there remain significant doubts as to whether the government's plans to encourage a more robust development and construction pipeline will be sufficient to address the housing crisis, long-term price indications for the housing market remain strong." East Anglia saw the most widespread house price rises in February, Rics suggested. <mask_1> Various surveys record UK house prices on a monthly basis, but they all have slightly different methodology. The house price index by the Nationwide Building Society is the quickest to be released. It uses an average value for properties after considering components such as location and size. The survey is based on its own mortgage lending which represents about 13% of the market. A survey by the Halifax, now part of Lloyds Banking Group, is published a few days later. <mask_1> Figures from the Land Registry are widely considered to be the most robust but are published much later than the lenders' data. It calculates the price change for properties that have sold multiple times since 1995. This survey only covers England and Wales. <mask_1> The Land and Property Services assisted by the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency produces a quarterly house price index in Northern Ireland. The official UK statistical authority - the Office for National Statistics - is another well-regarded survey, used for reference by government. It offers a UK-wide regional breakdown. It draws on data from the regulated mortgage survey by the Council of Mortgage Lenders, so excludes cash buyers of property. <mask_1> Various other surveys include a Hometrack review of house prices in UK cities, and a Rightmove survey of asking prices.
Guzman, the head of the Sinaloa drugs cartel, was captured on Friday after escaping from a prison in Mexico last year, the second such breakout he's managed to pull off. Guzman had been charged with drug trafficking and murder. US prosecutors have said he's helped to bring more than 500 tons of cocaine into the US over the last several decades. <mask_1> <mask_1> He says he was put in touch with the drug lord through the Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who was in talks with Guzman about a biopic. In his Rolling Stone piece, Mr Penn talked about the use of burner phones and other methods used to escape detection by authorities. Many people have wondered whether Mr Penn broke the law with his reporting - and whether or not he could be prosecuted. But legally, it is OK to talk to someone when they are a fugitive from justice? "Simply having contact with a known narco-trafficker is not the basis of prosecution," said Daniel Richman, a professor of law at Columbia University and a former federal prosecutor. <mask_1> There don't seem to be signs that Mr Penn is guilty of that, or that authorities in the US or Mexico will file criminal charges against him. In the past, authorities have decided not to go after journalists or former officials who have interviewed notorious figures. Osama Bin Laden spoke to journalist Robert Fisk for a series of interviews, and to former US justice department official John Miller in 1998 for an ABC News report. Neither Mr Fisk nor Mr Miller was prosecuted. A senior intelligence official told the BBC that in a similar way it's unlikely that Mr Penn will be. Yet his interview has made people uncomfortable, especially given Guzman's history of violence. "It may be immoral," said Stanford Law School's Robert Weisberg, describing Penn's journalistic work. "But it's not illegal." <mask_1>  "He was just doing an interview," said Mason. "Mexican law is pretty protective of journalistic rights." Still, Mexican authorities have made it clear they would like to talk to Mr Penn - though they haven't said anything publicly about prosecuting him. As Cesar Diaz, a former senior special agent who worked on investigations of Pablo Escobar, a Colombian drug trafficker, said: "If I was a Mexican authority, I would want to know: How in the heck did Sean Penn know where El Chapo was and we didn't?"
15 July 2016 Last updated at 07:23 BST The British astronaut made history when he floated into the International Space Station. <mask_1> But what were his favourite bits, and what is life like now he's back on Earth?
<mask_1> Together with a team of volunteers aged 15 to 70 she set about changing that. The embroidered map, that took 600 hours to complete, will be on display at the gatehouse from Wednesday. The original entrance to the Ashton Court Estate is being renovated with the help of a Â£550,000 grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund. Artist Ms Harrison said: "After searching for it online, I quickly realised that it was not on Google maps and so the idea to put it back on the map was born. "The map takes in the local sights of Long Ashton, Bower Ashton, Ashton Vale, Southville and Bedminster. "There will be a nod to the key roads but scattered all over it are landmarks and points of interest such as peregrine falcons in the gorge, deer in the park and hot air balloons floating above Ashton Court." Hundreds of stitches were used, including cretan stitch, woven wheel stitch, zigzag chain stitch and Roumanian couching.
Award organisers posted on Facebook: "We have some really sad news. <mask_1> "He sends his sincere apologies. Get well soon, Calvin!" On Twitter, the 30-year-old DJ is reported to have said: "No EMAs for me this weekend. Got some heart problems. Heading home to see if it can be fixed x."
One person died when an apparent twister hit the state of Georgia, overturning cars on a motorway. Bartow County Fire Chief Craig Millsap said at least 10 cars had been flipped over on Interstate 75. A man died in Nashville, Tennessee, when high winds toppled a tree on to a shed he had been taking shelter in. The storm system also brought mayhem to parts of Mississippi, Arkansas, Kentucky and Indiana. More than 60,000 customers have lost electricity from the Gulf Coast to Ohio as a result, it is estimated. Footage showed a funnel cloud tearing through the Georgian town of Adairsville, 60 miles (97km) north-west of Atlanta. <mask_1> The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports there have been numerous emergency calls of trauma and injuries. <mask_1> Reports said people were trapped in homes and businesses and aerial news footage showed widespread damage at a factory. Elsewhere: The NWS is reporting golf-ball sized hail stones in some areas. Meteorologists say warm weather from the Gulf of Mexico collided with a cold front from the west, creating volatile conditions.
He qualified that by saying that he was "not actively trying to sell it". Mr Lebedev also owns the London Evening Standard and the Independent's sister newspaper, i. On Monday he launches London Live, a 24-hour television network dedicated to news, entertainment and culture in the capital. <mask_1> He has hired what he described as "YouTube sensations" and relative unknowns to present its programming. Another innovation Mr Lebedev highlighted was the broadcast of live plays. Asked about his newspaper business, Mr Lebedev underlined the re-invigoration of the London Evening Standard under his ownership, which - since becoming a free title - has gone from a circulation of 700,000 to 900,000. From losing Â£30m a year, the Evening Standard now makes a profit. He also said the Independent and the i newspaper were together losing Â£5m-a-year, compared with a Â£20m loss in the previous year. Those two newspapers have long been rumoured to be for sale. The latest comments from Mr Lebedev are a sign from the owner that he is entertaining offers. <mask_1> <mask_1> He still owns several properties in Crimea. Asked if he was worried about them in the light of the Russian incursion, he said he was "very concerned", but the situation there was "complicated and textured" and a lot of the time was misunderstood in the West. London Live goes on air at 18:30 BST on Monday on channel 8 on the Freeview service.
<mask_1> The East Sussex coroner said Mohit Dupar died in July, getting into difficulty on the same day that 19-year-old Gustavo Silva Da Cruz died. Mr Dupar died in hospital four days later but details of his death have only now been publicly revealed. More news from Sussex Among the five friends who died were Kenugen Saththiyanathan, 18, known as Ken, and his brother Kobikanthan Saththiyanathan, 22, known as Kobi, both of Normandy Way, Erith, south-east London. Nitharsan Ravi, 22, of Admaston Road, Plumstead, south-east London, Inthushan Sriskantharasa, 23, of Chadwell Road, Grays, Essex, and Gurushanth Srithavarajah, 27, of Elsa Road, Welling, south-east London, were also among the group. Pre-inquest reviews into their deaths will be held in Hastings on Tuesday following full inquests into how Brazilian national Mr Silva Da Cruz and Mr Dupar, of Cranmer Road, Hayes, west London, who was believed to be in his 30s, died.
After a club-record 10 straight league wins, they have drawn their last two. "We're in a fantastic position - but anything can happen in a week of football, there's nine points to play for," said Wilder. "Other teams have got to go on great runs to catch us and we've got to have a dip, but I don't see it." Wilder told BBC Radio Northampton: "I'm not seeing any nervousness or apprehension in our play - we're going for it and enjoying this situation. "Will we win the next 12 games? <mask_1> When you're talking about the exposure we get, we should do, because it's a special run, breaking club records." The Cobblers travel to play-off-chasing Carlisle on Saturday, after draws against Hartlepool and AFC Wimbledon. And Wilder says that, because teams below them all play each other, they will struggle to put together a run of wins. "Look at some of the games that are coming up - Accrington are going to Wimbledon on Saturday, Portsmouth are playing Accrington next week, Oxford v Plymouth - they're all going to cut their own throats," he said. "I don't see a team sticking 10 wins on the bounce again between now and the end of the season. <mask_1>
Jake Gosling's drilled cross was turned in by Lee Mansell before Shaun Miller's lob levelled for the Shrimps. Billy Bodin and Matty Taylor both converted to give Rovers a two-goal cushion but Tom Barkhuizen stroked home from close range to reduce the deficit. <mask_1>
Manuel Pellegrini's side dominated the second half but were repeatedly denied by away keeper Tim Howard. <mask_1> They also rode their luck, as City were denied a late penalty for a foul on Raheem Sterling by John Stones. For Everton, it is a point won - and a confidence-boosting one, following a run of seven games in which they have won just once. But it is two key points dropped for City and they remain three points behind joint league leaders Arsenal, held 3-3 by Liverpool, and Leicester, 1-0 winners at Tottenham. Look back at all the action from the Etihad Listen: Is Pellegrini 'too nice' to win the title this season? Football Daily podcast - Does anyone want to win the league? The game began in a half-full Etihad Stadium as traffic problems prevented many fans arriving by kick-off. However, you would forgive many of the City supporters who did eventually make it to the ground for wishing they had not. <mask_1> They did produce a couple of chances - the best of them a Yaya Toure header from eight yards that was palmed away by Howard - but could easily have trailed. They improved in the second half as Sergio Aguero became more involved, but still struggled to break their opponents down, even after the introduction of David Silva with 15 minutes to go. The game would end in desperate, vain calls for a penalty for Stones' admittedly risky sliding challenge on Sterling. City boss Manuel Pellegrini was adamant that Stones' challenge should have been penalised and his side awarded a "clear penalty". Media playback is not supported on this device <mask_1> "Both Raheem's legs were taken by Stones but if he doesn't whistle we can't say anything." Unsurprisingly, Everton boss Roberto Martinez had an opposing view of the incident and praised the "maturity" of referee Roger East. <mask_1> "Stones goes to slide to block the ball, Sterling does not play the ball and waited. In my eyes it is an area that is not certain if it's a penalty or not. "I believe the referees should control their emotions and the referee did exactly that. It is impossible to be 100% certain and I am pleased he did this and showed his maturity." This game was the second part of a fixture trilogy between these sides in January, falling between the two legs of a Capital One Cup semi-final. Media playback is not supported on this device A week ago, Romelu Lukaku's winner gave Everton a 2-1 victory at Goodison Park, and they impressed again in a performance that showcased both sides of their game. <mask_1> But for some wayward shooting, they would have led at the break. Gerard Deulofeu and Lukaku were both denied with shots from an angle in the box, while the latter set up Leon Osman for the best chance - a volley from 15 yards that flew just past Joe Hart's far post. <mask_1> Manchester City are at home again on Saturday, with Crystal Palace the visitors. Everton face another tough away trip on the same day, as they travel to Stamford Bridge to face Chelsea.
Mendes told a court hearing held behind closed doors in Madrid that he never advised his clients on tax matters, his company Gestifute said in a statement. The agent, who could be put under official investigation in the case, gave evidence at the hearing into alleged tax evasion by Monaco striker Radamel Falcao, one of his clients. Falcao, like Mendes, denies wrongdoing. The former Chelsea and Manchester United striker is accused of failing to declare 5.3m euros (£4.69m) of income earned from image rights between 2012 and 2013 while he played for Atletico Madrid. Falcao, 31, is alleged to have used a network of shell companies in the British Virgin Islands, Republic of Ireland, Colombia and Panama to avoid taxes on image rights income. The Colombia international's case is being heard as the Spanish authorities place the tax affairs of footballers under increasing scrutiny, with a number of Mendes' clients being investigated, including Real Madrid team-mates Cristiano Ronaldo and Fabio Coentrao, who have also denied committing any offences. <mask_1> <mask_1> Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho, another client of 51-year-old Mendes, has been accused of failing to pay millions of euros in taxes during his time in charge of Real Madrid. However, Gestifute has said Mourinho, 54, had resolved the situation with the tax authorities. Angel di Maria, the 29-year-old Paris St-Germain winger who is represented by Mendes, agreed to pay 2m euros (£1.76m) to settle a tax case last week. Earlier this month, Gestifute made a statement denying that Mendes has done anything wrong. It read: "Neither Jorge Mendes nor the company he manages, Gestifute, participate in or offer any service linked, directly or indirectly, to financial, fiscal or legal advice to their clients."
Nick Hedges travelled the country in the 1960s and 70s for the housing charity Shelter, taking pictures of families living in run-down homes. <mask_1> "I often wonder what happened to them, if they went on to lead happy and healthy lives." "It's heart-breaking to know that the conditions some people have to live in today aren't a million miles away from the photos I took all those years ago," Mr Hedges said. "A home should be a place of safety and security, but too many families are having to live without." <mask_1> "The double blow of sky-high house prices along with cuts to welfare support means just one thing like an illness or cut in hours can leave a family hurtling towards homelessness," he said. The images are available online and can be seen at a free exhibition at the Custard Factory in Digbeth, Birmingham until Friday. Vicky Hines, manager of Shelter's Birmingham services, said the pictures captured "an incredibly important part of this city's history". She said: "They show how far we've come in the past 50 years, but remind us how much more we must do for the tens of thousands of families still desperate for a safe and secure place to call home." A spokesman for the Department of Communities and Local Government, which has responsibility for housing, said it was "an absolute priority" to build more homes in the UK, and said its current plans were "the most ambitious housing programme in a generation". An exhibition of the photographs has already been held in Sheffield, and another will take place in Manchester later this month.
It came into effect on Tuesday night and was in place until 10:00 GMT on Wednesday. <mask_1> Drivers were also warned to be aware of difficult conditions on the roads. The warning covered Pembrokeshire, Swansea, Vale of Glamorgan, Bridgend, Carmarthenshire, Ceredigion, Neath Port Talbot, Powys, Rhondda Cynon Taff, Conwy, Gwynedd, Anglesey, Blaenau Gwent, Caerphilly, Cardiff, Denbighshire, Merthyr Tydfil, Monmouthshire, Newport and Torfaen.
The accident happened on the A74(M) northbound, between junctions 14 and 15 in Moffat, at about 10.15. Three men were injured. <mask_1> Two men were taken to Wishaw General Hospital and the third to Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary. Their conditions are not known. Diversions were set up following the closure. One lane remained closed on Saturday evening while recovery work was carried out after debris was left scattered on the carriageway.
Its survey of leading employers found that, while 54% of students are women, they make up just 47% of graduate scheme applicants. But they took 49% of the posts, the responses by 170 employers showed. "Many women don't apply for the top schemes when they should," said AGR chief executive Stephen Isherwood. Improving the gender diversity of graduate programmes is largely a challenge of attracting women in the first place, says the report. Once they apply women are more likely to be hired, according to the survey sent to AGR members in April this year. <mask_1> For example, women make up only 17% of IT students and 15% of engineering students, but succeed in getting 27% and 25% respectively of the places on graduate schemes in these fields, the report suggests. This means that while men make up 83% and 85% of the student population in these fields, they find it relatively tougher to get work - taking 73% and 75% of the jobs. <mask_1> <mask_1> Three quarters of the firms which responded to the survey had a diversity strategy in place, and the majority said redressing workplace gender imbalance was the highest priority. Construction and engineering firms were particularly successful, increasing the share of women hires by 3% and 4% respectively in a year, says the report. Mr Isherwood says considerable barriers to gender equality remain. "Graduate employers want to hire women, there are lots of opportunities out there and these candidates are more likely to succeed, so we need to address why they're not applying.  Industry-wide collaboration to tackle student perceptions will be a key step forward. "We know women are hugely successful in the selection process. We just need them to realise it. We need to boost confidence and encourage more female graduates to reach their potential."
<mask_1> He was part of the Leone Stars 18-man squad for their 2019 Africa Cup of Nations match against Kenya last month but dropped out the night before the match due to poor health. It's very sad to wake up and hear news like this. Alhaji was such a great person <mask_1> "I even told one of my assistants about it. This forced me to drop him from the squad. We'll surely miss him. <mask_1> "He was a clever boy and had a goalkeeper's height and good goalkeeping abilities," Keister added. Some of Sierra Leone's biggest international stars have also been playing tribute to their team-mate. "It's very sad to wake up and hear news like this," said former Norwich city and Middlesborough striker Kei Kamara. "Alhaji was such a great person; being a college graduate and a footballer is a hard thing to do and he was able to accomplish that. My prayers to his family," Kamara added. Leone Stars skipper Umaru Bangura spoke of his shock at hearing the news of Conteh's death. "We've lost a good goalkeeper. We were with him in camp last month when preparing for our match against Kenya. We'll miss him.  Rest in peace Conteh," said Bangura. Turkey based midfielder Alfred Sankoh also paid tribute to the 25-year-old. "Rest in peace brother. <mask_1> Former Leone Stars captain Mohamed Kallon, who brought Conteh to his club FC Kallon some years ago, described the goalkeeper as a "great guy with lots of ambition." "He graduated from college and he was working whilst playing for FC kallon," said Mohamed Kallon. <mask_1> May his soul rest in Peace. We love him but Allah loves him most." Conteh, who is yet to be buried, was one of few educated Sierra Leonean players with a degree having graduated from Fourah Bay college at the University of Sierra Leone. He played for three Premier league clubs in Sierra Leone - East End Lions, Kallon FC and Diamond Stars of Kono - as well as two clubs in Guinea, Fello Star de Labè and Ashanti Golden Boys de Siguiri.
<mask_1> <mask_1> His legal team claim it would be unlawful to begin the formal process of the UK leaving the EU without a parliamentary vote. They also claim it could undermine the UK's treaty obligations under the 1998 Good Friday Agreement and the peace process. It is the first challenge of its kind in Northern Ireland. With similar legal action already under way in England, efforts are being made to secure an initial court hearing in Belfast next week. Mr McCord's son Raymond Jr was beaten to death by the Ulster Volunteer Force in north Belfast in 1997. His body was dumped in a quarry. Mr McCord is concerned that money from the European Union, which goes towards victims of the Troubles, may be discontinued. His lawyer said there are fears that Brexit could impact on Mr McCord's fundamental rights. "As a victim of the most recent conflict in Northern Ireland, Mr McCord is very concerned about the profoundly damaging effect that a unilateral withdrawal of the UK from the EU will have upon the ongoing relative stability in Northern Ireland," he said.
<mask_1> It has now confirmed it will pay just over £1.3m towards remedial works at the DG One centre in Dumfries. The case was taken to the Scottish Information Commission but the council has now voluntarily revealed the sum. The DG One centre shut in October 2014 but a legal wrangle between the council and the original builders meant works could not start for nearly two years. They finally got under way in September last year with a timeframe of about 18 months for completion. The £17m centre opened in 2008 but suffered a string of problems which led to its complete closure in 2014. The total cost of repairing the issues uncovered is just short of £10m and contractors McLaughlin and Harvey started site works on 5 September last year. Dumfries and Galloway Council had refused to reveal the scale of its contribution when first sought via an FOI request. However, it has now confirmed the figure to be £1.301m.
His pledge came as Facebook shares hit an all-time low of $17.55 on Tuesday. There have been fears that as various lock-up periods, which stop sales by early investors, end, the stock may dip further. Mr Zuckerberg owns about 444 million shares of Facebook plus an option to issue another 60 million. Last month, Peter Thiel, a venture capitalist and one of Facebook's earliest backers sold 20.1 million shares, cashing in most of his stake in the firm, after the first lock-up period ended. Facebook shares rose nearly 2% in after-hours trading post the announcement. Facebook shares have fallen almost 50% since the company went public in May this year. <mask_1> The decreased screen space on these devices, compared with traditional desktop computers, means it is difficult to place advertisements. As more and more users access the site from mobile devices, there are fears that revenue growth from advertisers, may slow. <mask_1> Those fears were fanned further on Tuesday after analysts at Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase cut their price targets for the firm's shares. Scott Devitt of Morgan Stanley lowered his target price to $32 from $38 on concerns over mobile advertising. Meanwhile, Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan Chase slashed his target to $30 from $45, saying that revenue from games hosted on the website was likely to fall.
The U's were reduced to 10 men early on after Joe Edwards was sent off for a late challenge on Matty Palmer. Lucas Akins' close-range finish put the Brewers ahead on the stroke of half-time despite protests of offside. Akins then completed his hat-trick after the break with a thumping finish from the edge of the box followed by a clean strike into the bottom corner. Colchester's relegation comes towards the end of a hugely disappointing season which saw them fail to register a league win in more than four months between late October and early March. The winless run of 19 matches was finally broken when they beat Bradford on 1 March, but by then they were already rock bottom. A slight upturn in form over the last few weeks, in which they won three and drew two out of six games, saw Colchester move off the foot of the table. However, with 95 goals conceded, they could become the first team to let in 100 league goals since Stockport County shipped 102 in the old First Division in 2001-02. Burton, who came up from League Two last campaign, are now on the verge of winning back-to-back promotions as they sit six points clear of the play-offs in second, with two matches left. <mask_1> <mask_1> Attempt saved. George Moncur (Colchester United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Attempt missed. Owen Garvan (Colchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Mason Bennett went off injured after Burton Albion had used all subs. Foul by Mason Bennett (Burton Albion). Alex Wynter (Colchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Substitution, Colchester United. Drey Wright replaces Chris Porter. Foul by Callum Butcher (Burton Albion). George Moncur (Colchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Burton Albion. Mason Bennett replaces Matthew Palmer. Attempt missed. Tyler Walker (Burton Albion) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Attempt saved. George Moncur (Colchester United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Attempt saved. Chris Porter (Colchester United) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Substitution, Burton Albion. Tyler Walker replaces Stuart Beavon. Mark Duffy (Burton Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Alex Wynter (Colchester United). <mask_1> Conceded by Elliot Parish. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Substitution, Burton Albion. Callum Butcher replaces Damien McCrory. Attempt missed. Hamza Choudhury (Burton Albion) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. <mask_1> Conceded by Tom Eastman. <mask_1> Conceded by Nicky Shorey. Attempt blocked. Lucas Akins (Burton Albion) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Tom Lapslie (Colchester United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Mark Duffy (Burton Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Tom Lapslie (Colchester United). Goal!  <mask_1> <mask_1> Assisted by Jon McLaughlin. Hand ball by Stuart Beavon (Burton Albion). Attempt missed. Tom Lapslie (Colchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Goal!  <mask_1> Lucas Akins (Burton Albion) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Stuart Beavon. Attempt missed. Alex Wynter (Colchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. <mask_1> Substitution, Colchester United. George Moncur replaces Louis Dunne. <mask_1> <mask_1> Conceded by Alex Wynter. Attempt blocked. <mask_1> Goal!  <mask_1> Lucas Akins (Burton Albion) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Mark Duffy. <mask_1> Conceded by Nicky Shorey. Hamza Choudhury (Burton Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
The Old Trafford outfit, who are unbeaten in the Championship all season, have secured an immediate return to the top tier with two games left to play. They need just 12 more points to be crowned champions. Mark Chilton was the last Red Rose captain to achieve promotion back in 2005 and was also part of their Championship-winning side of 2011. The 36-year-old assesses the key factors to Lancashire securing a return to the top flight. Relegation came as a surprise for Lancashire in 2012, less than 12 months after they had been crowned outright champions for the first time in 77 years. The only goal for 2013 was promotion. "The challenge for that season when you're in Division Two is that it almost feels like you're not playing for anything major. <mask_1> "I remember 2005 being a bit of a stop-gap season and I'm pretty sure the lads will have felt like that this year. "It hasn't surprised me that they've been so dominant. If you had spoken to me in April, I'd have confidently said they would have been going up, more than likely as champions. "Clearly, in four-day cricket, they've really played very well this year. There's lots of good things happening at the club, with lots of good people involved, and over time, more often than not it will produce good results." Six of Lancashire's eight home Championship fixtures in 2013 have been played at Old Trafford, compared with just two in 2012, following the completion of a multi-million pound redevelopment at the county's traditional home. "I do think it's made a significant difference. <mask_1> <mask_1> "There would have been a lot of people holding their breath this summer. <mask_1> "To see the ground full for a Test match and a one-day international match [both against Australia] is what a lot of people have worked hard towards. They can sit back and take a great deal of satisfaction from a job well done." With 122 Test appearances between them for South Africa and Australia respectively, Ashwell Prince and Simon Katich have brought some much-needed experience to Lancashire's batting line-up and are their top two run scorers in four-day cricket. <mask_1> <mask_1> "You're always guaranteed runs with those two guys. <mask_1> The evergreen Glen Chapple and the rejuvenated Kyle Hogg have both taken more than 50 first-class wickets for Lancashire in 2013, their stand-out performance coming in June when they dismissed Essex for just 20. "After starting with successive home draws, Lancashire's campaign burst into life with a dramatic win against Glamorgan at Colwyn Bay, bowling the home side out for 139. "Two victories against Essex, the first coming after chasing down 253 to win on the final day at Old Trafford, and then bowling Essex out for just 20 at Chelmsford, were remarkable achievements and big highlights. "Once they picked up their first win, they never really looked back. <mask_1> "I've known Glen a long time and he looks as fit as I've seen him for a long time. <mask_1> "If you ask the majority of opening batsmen their top three hardest opponents, he will be in most people's top three. He's very well respected and "The partnership between Glen and Kyle was a real strength in 2011, and "Similarly to finding a good opening partnership with the bat, exactly the same thing applies with the ball. "Where they're very strong is that they don't give much to hit. They're always testing techniques early on, always asking questions and not leaking too many runs so they're putting sides under pressure straight away. "They obviously enjoy bowling with each other and it's proved to be an effective partnership this year." Gary Keedy had been Lancashire's front-line spinner for much of his 18 years with the county, but his pre-season departure to Surrey has allowed Simon Kerrigan to flourish in a season that ended with him being handed a Test debut by England. "Simon has always been an exciting cricketer - an aggressive spin bowler who is always looking to take wickets. "His  will have been up and down, but they will stand him in good stead. "I really think he will go on to be a high-class international spinner. He's got all the attributes. When he's bowling well, he bowls people out and he wins games." Lancashire have offered first-team chances to talented youngsters in recent seasons and 2013 has been no different, with opener Luis Reece, 23, making the most significant breakthrough. "Luis was involved during my time and he forced his way in through the sheer volume of runs he was scoring in every form of cricket he was playing. It's very hard to ignore that. "He's got his game organised and he's shown himself to be a consistent performer. <mask_1> He's done that brilliantly."
The Celtic midfielder, 23, hopes the Tangerines, who are 13 points adrift at the foot of the Premiership, can avoid relegation. United chairman Stephen Thompson has challenged his squad to preserve their top-flight status and "redeem" their professional reputations. "It's very sad to see," Armstrong said. "Their future is not looking good in this league." Armstrong was one of three players United sold in to Celtic in 2015. Since his departure - along with Nadir Ciftci and Gary Mackay-Steven - United's form has slumped. Media playback is not supported on this device Mixu Paatelainen's side lost 3-0 to Motherwell at Tannadice on Tuesday and Thompson then apologised to the club's supporters for their "abysmal" display and position in the table. "I was hoping they would get a result on Tuesday night," said Armstrong. "It was not to be. "But you have to remain optimistic and hope they can finish the league strongly and then if they do come down they come back up as soon as possible." Meanwhile, St Johnstone boss Tommy Wright believes no-one should be writing off the Tangerines until it is arithmetically impossible for them to stay up. "I would never say anything is done until it is done." Wright told BBC Scotland. <mask_1> "What they have got is a difficult position to get themselves out of. It shows the change in Scottish football." Scotland's top flight has lost Rangers, Hearts and Hibernian in recent years, though Hearts have since returned to the Premiership and Rangers and Hibs are trying to get promoted to the top tier for next season. <mask_1> "We always enjoy the derby games with them," added Wright. <mask_1> Dundee striker Greg Stewart would also miss local derby matches with United but concedes his own club's supporters may not feel the same way. "Personally I enjoy playing in the derbies but I suppose Dundee fans won't agree with me," said the 25-year-old. <mask_1> <mask_1> "We have one more at least this season and hopefully we can make the most of it and get the win."
Six world powers - the US, UK, France, China, Russia and Germany - and Iran are meeting in Istanbul in Turkey. Iran says its nuclear programme is peaceful, but critics suspect it of seeking to develop nuclear weapons. Israel has hinted in recent months that it may carry out a pre-emptive strike. Michael Mann, a spokesman for EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton, said of the talks: "There is a positive atmosphere... contrasting with the last time." The BBC's James Reynolds, in Istanbul, says the envoys had earlier set the bar pretty low - saying they did not expect detailed, substantive proposals from either side. <mask_1> After a two-and-a-half-hour morning session, there was general agreement among the six world powers, known collectively as the P5+1, that there had been progress. Mr Mann said: "The principles for future talks seem to be there." One diplomat told Associated Press that Iran appeared ready to discuss its uranium enrichment programme and that the Iranian team had referred to supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei's "fatwa" on nuclear arms. Another session later in the day involves bilateral meetings, possibly including a rare US-Iran encounter. Ahead of the talks, Baroness Ashton said she hoped they would be "the beginnings of a sustained process". "What we are here to do is to find ways in which we can build confidence between us and ways in which we can demonstrate that Iran is moving away from a nuclear weapons programme." Chief Iranian negotiator Saeed Jalili said the talks would "serve the dignity of the Iranian nation". US President Barack Obama earlier described this as a "last chance" for diplomacy to work. <mask_1> There are suggestions that the stringent sanctions on Iran could be reduced if it complies with the requests. The last series of international talks broke down in January 2011 after the parties failed to agree on any issues. <mask_1> Israel, which believes a nuclear-capable Iran would be a direct threat to its security, has warned that time is running out to prevent that outcome. <mask_1> President Obama has warned against "loose talk of war", while stressing that all options remain open.
<mask_1> The 41-year-old from Barking denied the charges during a pre trial hearing at the Old Bailey. He allegedly met the four murder victims on the internet between June 2014 and September 2015. It is alleged he then invited them to his flat on Cooke Street where he is said to have poisoned them with the psychoactive drug GHB. Mr Port faces 29 charges in total and is set to stand trial on 4 October. He was originally charged with four counts of murder and four of administering a poison, but at the Old Bailey on Monday prosecutors added six more counts of administering a poison, seven charges of rape and four of sexual assault. Mr Port now also faces four alternative charges of manslaughter. These are alleged to have occurred between 2011 and 2015. <mask_1> The deaths were not initially linked but after further investigation they were referred to the Metropolitan Police homicide and major crime command in October last year. The force has referred its handling of the case to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC).
<mask_1> Investigators say co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane after locking the pilot out of the cockpit. Experts have spent six weeks conducting DNA tests on the remains. "The 150 death certificates can now be signed, as well as the 150 burial permits," said Brice Robin, Marseille's city prosecutor. Mr Robin had previously said it was Mr Lubitz's "intention to destroy [the] plane", which was flying from Barcelona to Duesseldorf. Among the victims was a group of 16 students, 14 girls and two boys, and two of their teachers, from Joseph-Koenig school in Haltern, western Germany. They were travelling back from a Spanish exchange programme on the Germanwings flight. The victims were from 18 countries, including Australia, Argentina and Japan, but most of those on board were either Spanish or German. The plane took off from Barcelona just after 09:00 GMT on 24 March. It made its last contact with air traffic control half an hour later, before descending over the following ten minutes. The Airbus plane crashed in a remote region at 09:41GMT. <mask_1> A full investigation report is expected to be completed in a year.
The record revenues were boosted by sales of its new 2015-16 Adidas replica kit, and Champions League football. The club expects overall revenue for the year to be between £500m and £510m. No club has exceeded £500m before. The team are fourth in the Premier League, two points behind rivals Man City, and also top their Champions League group table after four games. <mask_1> In July 2014 it signed a record-breaking deal with Adidas, worth £750m over 10 seasons. Club executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward said the revenues demonstrated "the continued strength of our businesses". <mask_1> In total, four sponsorship deals were signed in the quarter, including a global deal with Marathon Bet. Mr Woodward added: "During the quarter, we entered into an agreement with HCL to be our Digital Transformation partner, which will enable us to connect with our fans around the world in innovative ways and further strengthen and grow our commercial revenues." Profit for the period was £5m, down 43.8% from the £8.9m figure a year previously. The drop in profit was partly caused by a loss on player trading of £7.4m.  <mask_1> That compared with a profit of £18.3m a year before - that sum being largely due to the sale of Danny Welbeck to Arsenal for £18m. The EBITDA figure, which indicates the underlying profitability of a company, was up more than 100% to £41.6m. The club also confirmed it had approved a quarterly cash dividend shareholders of $0.045 per share, a move which will see the six Glazer children, who own the club and about four-fifths of the club's shares, paid millions of dollars in dividends annually. Despite their strong start to the season, there have been complaints from some fans and former players that the club's current possession football is less exciting in comparison with the more attacking sides of the past.
Jose Manuel Barroso, who left the key post last October, said that Alexis Tsipras's Syriza-led administration lacked experience. Greece's demands were "completely unacceptable to other countries", he told the BBC's Business Live programme. In its election campaign, Syriza promised to ease economic austerity. <mask_1> <mask_1> On Wednesday, the Greek government submitted fresh reform proposals. The new plan foresees increasing government revenues through a crackdown on tax evasion and fraud, and a new lottery designed to encourage payment of sales tax. But it also includes extra spending, including increased pension payments and and rise in the minimum wage. Greece's creditors will now decide whether these latest reform proposals go far enough to unlock the bailout money. <mask_1> He called on Greece to take responsibility for its financial plight and implement structural reforms, which was now the most important issue for the country. <mask_1> <mask_1> Greece's previous proposals failed to satisfy its main creditors, the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). But France's finance minister, Michel Sapin, said Greece's new proposals did represent some improvement in Athen's position. "There is progress with the last list... Is there a need for more progress? Yes - in the quantification of the measures," he said. A decision may not come before Greece is due to make a â‚¬450m (Â£330m) payment to the IMF on 9 April. Eurozone finance ministers are likely to reserve any formal judgement for the next scheduled meeting in Riga on 24 April. Despite the ongoing bail-out negotiations, Mr Barroso said a Greek departure from the eurozone was still a possibility. He said that would still be "negative", but that he believed it would be less damaging now because financial markets were much more confident than they had been in recent years. However, he added that a "Grexit" would still leave the idea of monetary union in doubt. "It breaks a taboo and sets a precedent," he said. The former EC chief and Portuguese prime minister also reiterated his view that Britons would be worse off if the UK left the European Union. "I believe they would lose a lot if [the country] leaves the EU, because today, in the 21st century, versus the US, China, countries of 60 million people cannot speak at the same level - they do not have the same leverage - and we have to use the EU and our common leverage to count in the world." Mr Barroso, 59, is now a visiting professor at Princeton University and the University of Geneva. Business Live airs at 07.30GMT each weekday on BBC World TV.
<mask_1> <mask_1> But the stance has angered some who fear a vote would be divisive. Currently, same-sex couples can have civil unions or registered relationships in most Australian states but they are not considered married under national law. <mask_1> Since then, she added, he had been "nothing but a conduit for homophobes wanting to derail marriage equality through a vindictive plebiscite". "We wanted to express our disgust at his prime ministership as a community and to say that we don't need his phony friendship," Ms Rose said in a statement released on Facebook. "For this reason we are not extending an invitation for him to attend the parade while we wait for equality." Despite opinion polls indicating that most Australians support same-sex marriage, some believe a plebiscite - which would be expensive - could unleash a homophobic campaign. A survey of 5,500 LGBTI Australians conducted in July by advocacy group Just Equal found that 85% opposed holding the referendum. Instead, they want Mr Turnbull to allow parliament to vote on the issue. This week, opponents of the referendum were backed by Australia's upper house, which blocked the government's proposal for the national vote. Sydney's Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras parade is one of the world's largest gay pride events. It brings hundred of thousands of people to Australia from around the world, adding an estimated A$30m ( $22.6m/£17.9m) to the local economy. The first march was held in June 1978, on a global day of activism to commemorate the Stonewall riots of 1969, which followed police raids on New York's Stonewall Inn gay bar. But participants were met with police violence. This year, the New South Wales parliament apologised to the group, now known as the 78ers.
About 300 kgs of cannabis resin, eight kgs of cannabis herb and 1 kg of cocaine were found at Donaghmede Park, north Dublin, on Saturday at 19:30 local time. <mask_1> They are being held at Coolock and Clontarf garda stations.
Monaco - who are top on goal difference - can restore their three-point lead if they beat Nantes on Sunday (20:00 GMT). PSG beat Nancy 1-0 thanks to Edinson Cavani's late penalty, his 37th goal of the season, and they were lucky not to concede when Alexis Busin's shot hit both posts. Nice won by the same scoreline against Dijon, with Wylan Cyprien scoring in the 69th minute. Match ends, <mask_1> Second Half ends, <mask_1> <mask_1> Modou Diagne (Nancy) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Offside, Paris Saint Germain. Javier Pastore tries a through ball, but Julian Draxler is caught offside. <mask_1> Foul by Benoit Pedretti (Nancy). <mask_1> Foul by Youssouf Hadji (Nancy). Attempt missed. Youssouf Hadji (Nancy) left footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Assisted by Faitout Maouassa. Substitution, Nancy. Youssouf Hadji replaces Issiar Dia. Attempt missed. Hatem Ben Arfa (Paris Saint Germain) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Edinson Cavani. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Assisted by Hatem Ben Arfa with a through ball. Attempt saved. Faitout Maouassa (Nancy) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Attempt blocked. Faitout Maouassa (Nancy) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. <mask_1> Foul by Diallo Guidileye (Nancy). Attempt saved. Edinson Cavani (Paris Saint Germain) header from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Hatem Ben Arfa with a cross. Substitution, Nancy. Benoit Pedretti replaces Youssef Ait Bennasser. <mask_1> Conceded by Vincent Muratori. Goal!  <mask_1> <mask_1> Penalty Paris Saint Germain. Serge Aurier draws a foul in the penalty area. Penalty conceded by Sergei Chernik (Nancy) after a foul in the penalty area. <mask_1> Conceded by Erick Cabaco. Delay over. They are ready to continue. <mask_1> Hatem Ben Arfa replaces Gonçalo Guedes. Delay in match Youssef Ait Bennasser (Nancy) because of an injury. Attempt blocked. Alexis Busin (Nancy) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Faitout Maouassa. Attempt blocked. <mask_1> Assisted by Javier Pastore. Alexis Busin (Nancy) hits the left post with a right footed shot from the left side of the box. Assisted by Youssef Ait Bennasser following a fast break. <mask_1> Conceded by Vincent Muratori. Blaise Matuidi (Paris Saint Germain) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Joffrey Cuffaut (Nancy). <mask_1> Conceded by Loic Puyo. Substitution, Nancy. Alexis Busin replaces Anthony Koura. Attempt missed. Thiago Silva (Paris Saint Germain) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Julian Draxler with a cross following a set piece situation. <mask_1> Foul by Diallo Guidileye (Nancy). Attempt missed. Julian Draxler (Paris Saint Germain) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Marco Verratti. <mask_1>
The American began the day in a four-way tie for the lead and recovered from a bogey on the first with his fifth birdie of the day on the 10th. Spieth carded three more in succession from the 14th to finish 12 under par, three shots ahead of Dustin Johnson. "I've been striking the ball well this year," the 24-year-old said. The three-time major winner, who also pulled off an impressive shot from eight feet to three-putt the ninth, had been four clear until world number one Johnson birdied the 18th to complete a 67 and move two ahead of Paul Casey, Jon Rahm, Patrick Reed and Matt Kuchar. Spieth, who has won each of the five times he has enjoyed a lead of two shots or more after 54 holes on the PGA Tour, felt a "heated putter" had been crucial to his success. "Today was about the most committed I've been finishing a round - Michael [Greller, his caddie]said ever - and I agreed with him," he added. <mask_1> That last six-hole stretch, I played beautiful golf."
They were chosen from 16 applications and it is expected that 10 campuses will be created over the next five years. The three projects are Moy Primary School and St John's Catholic Primary in Moy; St Mary's High, Limavday, and Limavady High School and Ballycastle High and Cross and Passion college. In January 2014,  Education Minister John O'Dowd  launched the Shared Education Campuses Programme, with a deadline of 31 March for a receipt for expressions of interest. On Tuesday, the minister said:  "I believe shared education has the potential to deliver real educational benefits, to ensure best use of resources and to further community cohesion. "The Shared Education Campuses Programme provides schools with the opportunity to build on existing sharing arrangements and access funding to help improve or provide shared facilities. "We received a significant level of interest in this programme with 16 applications. <mask_1> Mr O'Dowd said: "The three projects selected will build on well established sharing arrangements between the schools involved and will help embed and enhance those sharing arrangements. "This was the first call for projects and I am conscious that the limited time meant not everyone was able to have proposals worked up in time for the deadline. <mask_1> "Those that were unsuccessful in this announcement will receive feedback on their proposal and can resubmit it, if appropriate, to this second call." The successful projects will now  proceed to the planning stage.
The broadcaster is planning to move from its current premises on Ormeau Avenue but has yet to decide on a location. The property news service, Co-Star, said land agent Lambert Smith Hampton is now advising on the relocation. <mask_1> Co-Star said that "market sources" have suggested that the BBC's need for studio space and parking for broadcast vehicles mean it will need a development site rather than refurbished space. Sirocco is a 16-acre site beside the river Lagan. The Carvill Group had planned to develop a hotel, supermarket and 2,400 apartments there before the property crash. It ultimately ended up in the control of the Cerberus investment fund which recently sold it to an unnamed buyer. The BBC has previously been linked with a move to Titanic Quarter or as part of the redevelopment of Great Victoria Street station. Belfast City Council has said it would like the broadcaster to move close to Ulster University. <mask_1>
Late-stage disease is found in about 25% of black African and 22% of black Caribbean breast cancer patients. In white breast cancer patients, the figure is 13%. Experts say there are many reasons for this. Vital ones to change are low awareness of symptoms and screening. <mask_1> Spotting cancer early is important because the sooner it can be treated, the better the outcome. A support group in Leeds helps women of black African and Caribbean descent who have either had breast cancer themselves or have loved ones who have. One woman there told the BBC: "A lot of us black people bury our head in the sand. 'Oh, me, well, I don't need to go, there's nothing wrong with me.'" Another said: "I find a lot of people, they'll find out something is wrong but they keep it to themselves and they're praying. They're praying that God will heal them." <mask_1> "You'll get leaflets through your door and they will be predominantly of white, middle-class women. There's no representation of South Asian, African descent et cetera. "If you get information like that, you're going to look and think, 'That's not about me.'" Most breast cancers are still diagnosed at an early stage, across all ethnic groups, the data for 2012-13 shows. Dr Julie Sharp, of Cancer Research UK, said: "If you notice something that isn't normal for you, or you've a symptom that's not gone away or has got worse, getting it checked out promptly could save your life." <mask_1> Women should also get checked if they notice any changes to their breasts such as nipple discharge or changes to the skin. Breast screening (mammogram) is offered to all women in England aged 50-70. <mask_1> Women over the age of 70 will stop receiving screening invitations but can arrange an appointment by contacting their local screening unit. Follow our Pinterest board Shining a Light on Cancer
Vardy, 29, is serving a three-match ban after being sent off at Stoke on 17 December for a two-footed challenge on Mame Biram Diouf. The Foxes had 30,000 masks printed after Vardy had an appeal rejected by the Football Association. Vardy sat in the stands and wore one of the masks himself. The England international will also miss games against West Ham and Middlesbrough but will be available for the FA Cup third-round tie against Everton at Goodison Park on 7 January. Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri said he did not emerge from the tunnel at the King Power Stadium in time to see the masks. "I'm sorry, I didn't see when I came out. I don't know, it's not my matter. <mask_1> I'm sorry," he said. "It's difficult to say how much we missed Vardy. <mask_1> In an Instagram post, Foxes owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha said the decision to suspend Vardy was "unfair". Leicester forward Riyad Mahrez was left on the bench against Everton by Ranieri and the Foxes boss has demanded an improvement from the Algerian. <mask_1> <mask_1> I want more." The Premier League champions have won only four of their opening 18 league games and are three points above the relegation zone. "This season is this way - nothing is right, nothing is easy," added Ranieri. "We wanted to give a good present on Boxing Day, but it was not possible. Here everything was right in first six months and now everything is wrong."
Omar Badreddin, 18, Mohammed Alfrouh, 20, and Mohammad Allakkoud, 18, have pleaded not guilty. <mask_1> It is not known if he has entered a plea yet. Mr Badreddin came to the UK from Jordan last November under the government's refugee resettlement programme. He and his family were judged to be vulnerable by the UN refugee agency. The three adults charged in connection with the alleged incident on 10 May have been released on bail. Their trial has been set for 26 September. <mask_1> The case of the 16 year old will be heard separately by a youth court. Mr Badreddin is one of 1,602 Syrians who have arrived in the UK under the resettlement programme. The scheme was designed to bring vulnerable Syrian refugees directly from refugee camps in the Middle East to the UK. Those arriving have been screened and vetted by the UN. The scheme will see 20,000 refugees come to Britain over the next four years. The BBC's Newsnight has been following the progress of Syrian refugees and reporter John Sweeney says that although the case is at an early stage, police are concerned that the charges could raise tensions between locals and Syrian refugees in Newcastle.
<mask_1> Former Germany captain Schweinsteiger last played for the Red Devils in March, when Louis van Gaal was manager. He said in August he had "no personal problems" with Mourinho, and United will be his last club in Europe. "It's great to see him back," said United left-back Luke Shaw. "We found out the news a couple of days ago. "He's a big influence in the dressing room and obviously on the pitch, especially for the young players like myself." It is unclear whether Mourinho will now consider Schweinsteiger for first-team action. <mask_1> Schweinsteiger has made 31 appearances for the club since his £14.4m move from Bayern Munich in July 2015. Simon Stone, BBC Sport Before Schweinsteiger can think about a return he still hoped for during the dark days of being forced to train on his own, he needs to know why Mourinho brought him back into the fold. After all, he cannot play against Fenerbahce on Thursday because he is not in Mourinho's Europa League squad. <mask_1> However, given he is so short of match practice, is that really an option? Or is Mourinho merely reminding potential January suitors that the 32-year-old still exists?
<mask_1> His lawyers filed a court application, saying he needed medical attention and risked kidney failure. Krejcir has repeatedly denied having links to the criminal underworld. The police have been accused of reacting slowly to reports of his alleged involvement in the killing of underworld bosses, reports the BBC's Pumza Fihlani from Johannesburg. A number of his associates have been killed in separate incidents in recent months, local media report. In July, Krejcir survived an attempt to kill him carried out by guns hidden behind a car number plate operated by remote control opened fire on him in Bedfordview, a suburb east of Johannesburg. Krejcir reportedly described the shooting as "something out of a James Bond film". He is challenging the government's attempts to extradite him to the Czech Republic, where he was convicted in absentia last year on tax fraud charges. He moved to South Africa in 2007. Our correspondent says South Africans have been keenly watching Krejcir's extraordinary career over recent months and the series of gangland shootings and killings with which he is allegedly linked. They are worried that it might show that a well-connected, sophisticated and violent underworld still exists on the streets of Johannesburg, she says. On Saturday, police chief Riah Phiyega said Krejcir's arrest was a major breakthrough. "There are many investigations that are taking place, even on the charges that the suspects have been arrested for. We hope to arrest more suspects as the investigations unfold," she told reporters in the capital, Pretoria. She did not reveal details of the charges against him. The police watchdog, the Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid), said it had launched an investigation into Krejcir's claim that he had he had been tortured. <mask_1> <mask_1> He could face renal failure if he was not taken to hospital, the doctor said. <mask_1> "He has provided more than enough evidence," local media quotes the judge as saying.
The 34-year-old, who was born in Brazil but plays for Portugal, has been linked with Paris St-Germain and AC Milan and has "had proposals from England". Pepe has made 334 appearances for Real, winning three La Liga titles and three Champions League trophies. He missed Saturday's win over Juventus and added: "I didn't say goodbye because they knew before I did." Pepe announced his departure in an interview with radio station COPE, and said he had not spoken to manager Zinedine Zidane since Madrid's Champions League final win in Cardiff. "What he has done for Real Madrid is spectacular, but there are things I still do not understand," Pepe said. The centre-back, who was injured for part of the season with a hamstring problem and then broke two ribs in April, fell behind both Raphael Varane and Nacho in the challenge to play alongside captain Sergio Ramos in the Madrid defence. <mask_1> "But I took the decision in January when it was clear which way it was going. "I'm happy for the love of the people, and that's worth more than everything."
The unnamed woman had agreed Greater Manchester Police (GMP) could refer to her experience in a training session providing she remained anonymous. However, she later learned her identity and medical history were disclosed to a wider audience. GMP has apologised and said "steps" had been taken to stop similar occurrences. <mask_1> <mask_1> The errors in this case by Greater Manchester Police almost beggar belief. Safeguarding victims is the most important priority in domestic violence police work. Revealing a victim's identity, medical history and distressed 999 call, against their wishes, represents very grave mistakes. This episode is hardly likely to increase victims' confidence in the police. The case also illustrates the use of part of the civil law that has principally been seen in cases involving celebrities whose privacy has been breached by newspapers. 'Misuse of private information' has been argued in a number of cases. It relies on a breach of Article 8 of the 1988 Human Rights Act; the right to respect for a private and family life. <mask_1> <mask_1> The police have no such defence. This case shows that Article 8 is not simply for celebrities and that public bodies, such as the police, can be sued if they breach it. Nick McAleenan, from JMW Solicitors, described his client as a "successful, professional woman". He said she "suffered psychiatric harm" after learning that her personal information was disclosed and that a tape of her 999 call following an assault was played at a training session. He added that GMP had initially refused to accept it had done anything wrong and its internal investigation concluded that no officer had infringed the police code of conduct. In May 2014, the force admitted breaching the woman's privacy but refused to acknowledge she had suffered distress or loss as a result which would entitle her to any damages. Mr McAleenan said: "This is information out there in the public domain. <mask_1> A GMP spokeswoman said it was "an exceptional case", adding: "The force has taken action to protect the individual's information to prevent any issue in the future." She added: "We have apologised to the woman involved... This was an unacceptable mistake; however, it was done with the best of intentions as part of training for partner agencies around recognising the signs of domestic abuse." A spokesperson from the domestic abuse charity, Women's Aid, said: "Survivors of domestic abuse should be able to expect the highest standards from the police - and the police should be extremely careful when dealing with survivors. "The survivor in question could have been put in a very dangerous situation; highly manipulative perpetrators of domestic abuse will stop at nothing to find out where their former partner is, or to gather information on them."
The Liverpudlian is second on 3,932 points, 40 behind leader and reigning champion Brianne Theisen-Eaton. Johnson-Thompson has said her main aim this weekend is to get the 6,200 points needed for Rio. She needs 2,268 points on Sunday in the three remaining events. The 23-year-old began the day equalling her personal best of 13.37 seconds in the 100m hurdles and followed it up by clearing 1.92m in the high jump, a personal best outdoors. After two events, Johnson-Thompson was in the overall lead but slipped to sixth following a disappointing 11.55m in the shot put - the worst mark in the field and 1.59m below the personal best she set earlier in the season. <mask_1> Johnson-Thompson will start with the long jump on Sunday, the event which ruined her chances of gold at last year's World Championships following her failure to record a legal jump. She said: "I'm sure I'll be nervous again in the long jump. I really want to get a good jump in the first round. "This is my first big competition especially after a knee operation last autumn so I just want 6,200 points and to be injury free and to be going home with my ticket for the Olympics." The Briton has also said her experience in Beijing changed her, created a "new Kat" who is determined to bounce back and quash her demons. Her performances on the opening day in Austria promised much not only for this competition but the summer ahead. Although she has repeatedly said Olympic qualification rather than regaining the title she won in 2014 is her priority this weekend, she looks set to vie with favourite Theisen-Eaton for first place. <mask_1> <mask_1> Lake - recording 14.43 secs in the 100m hurdles, 1.86m in the high jump, 13.18m in the shot put and 26.12 secs in the 200m - is 29th overall. British decathletes John Lane (4159 points) and Ashley Bryant (4121 points) are ninth and 13th respectively at the halfway stage in Austria, with the pair needing 8100 points to be selected for the Olympics.
Moelfre inshore lifeboat launched at about 11:00 BST, along with the local coastguard team and rescue helicopter from Caernarfon. The lifeboat crew found the man in his forties clinging to his fishing kayak, having struggled to climb back on. He showed signs of immersion and was transferred to Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor. The man, who was wearing all the correct safety equipment, estimated he had been in the water for more than 15 minutes. <mask_1> Mr Owen praised the multi-agency response, which he said resulted in a "quick and efficient rescue".
<mask_1> The bombing - and a second one on Nagasaki three days later - is credited with bringing to an end World War Two. <mask_1> A US B-29 bomber called the Enola Gay dropped the uranium bomb, exploding some 600m (1,800ft) above the city, at around 08:10 on 6 August 1945. On that day alone, at least 70,000 people are believed to have been killed. Many more died of horrific injuries caused by radiation poisoning in the days, weeks and months that followed. People across Japan have observed a minute's silence to mark the anniversary. <mask_1> Addressing 40,000 people who attended the commemoration ceremony at Hiroshima's peace park near the epicentre of the 1945 attack, Mr Abe called for worldwide nuclear disarmament. He said that that atomic bomb not only killed thousands of people in Hiroshima but also caused unspeakable suffering to survivors. "Today Hiroshima has been revived," the prime minister said, "and has become a city of culture and prosperity. "Seventy years on I want to reemphasise the necessity of world peace." Mr Abe and Hiroshima Mayor Kazumi Matusi were joined by US Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy for the official ceremony of remembrance on Thursday, which included silent prayers, the release of doves and a declaration of peace. Mr Matsui described nuclear weapons as an "absolute evil" while urging the world to put an end to them forever. "To coexist we must abolish the... ultimate inhumanity that is nuclear weapons. Now is the time to start taking action," he said in his annual speech. <mask_1> The anniversary comes as divisions in Japan rise over Mr Abe's bid to pass unpopular legislation to expand the country's military role worldwide. The 'sanitised narrative' of Hiroshima's atomic bombing In pictures: The first atomic bomb
Biffa says that its crews found 93 people sleeping in rubbish last year. It says the cameras, fitted to 140 of its 800 trucks, would remind staff to check bins before emptying them. Last year four people sheltering in bins died when they were tipped into the back of trucks. Biffa's Tim Standring told BBC Radio 4's You and Yours the cameras would give drivers extra "peace of mind" and that some vehicles would also record footage from inside hoppers. The company was not spying on its staff, he said, saying the move was designed to protect them from the "anguish" of not realising a person had been inside the bin. Mr Standring, the firm's divisional health, safety, environment and quality coach, said: "If it's the only place you've got to stay and it's the most secure place I can kind of see the appeal, but the down side of it is if we don't find you, you're not going to survive." He added: "Once you're in the hopper, the blade comes down and it crushes and breaks the waste and it will take it back into the body [of the vehicle] where it's compacted again. "These machines won't differentiate between cardboard, wood and unfortunately people as well." Biffa hopes that all of its refuse lorries will have the new technology by the end of the year. <mask_1> <mask_1>
Prosecutors described the Paralympic athlete's punishment for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in 2013 as "shockingly lenient". <mask_1> The state now has 21 days to take its case to the Supreme Court of Appeal. Pistorius, 29, was given a five-year term for manslaughter in 2014, but was found guilty of murder last December after a prosecution appeal. He shot Ms Steenkamp through a locked toilet door and said in his his defence that he mistook her for an intruder. The judge said at the sentencing that she had deviated from the minimum 15-year sentence because of "compelling personal circumstances". She said mitigating circumstances, such as rehabilitation and remorse, had outweighed aggravating factors, such as his failure to fire a warning shot.
The Gobbins coastal path in Islandmagee was the brainchild of Irish railway engineer Berkley Deane Wise. It first opened in 1902 and quickly became famous as a white knuckle walk. Edwardian era visitors were able to have a close encounter with waves and wildlife. <mask_1> <mask_1> Since then only seabirds have enjoyed the stunning views from this part of our coastline. Rumblings down the years about restoring the path finally turned into action in 2013, when the restoration project got under way. Since then, £7.5m has been spent replacing bridges, hand rails and constructing a new visitors centre. The tubular bridge has been replaced with an almost identical replica. While modern engineering methods have made the work safer, construction worker Paul Montgomery says he has an enhanced respect for those who built the original path. "They did an immense job, because the beams I have seen from the old bridges were concrete cased and to get them down here would have been a feat in itself as there were no cranes in those days," he said. "So I have a lot of respect for them." <mask_1> <mask_1> The walk is described as strenuous and is not suitable for everyone. No-one under the height of 1.2m will be permitted, a good level of fitness is required and people with cardiac, respiratory, asthmatic or joint conditions are urged not to attempt it. The route allows visitors to see coastal birds such as puffins, guillemots and kittiwakes up close. It's also possible to spot porpoises off the coast. <mask_1> "I'm very enthusiastic about my new job," he said. "Everybody knows about the Giant's Causeway but I think we have something here that can compete with the Giant's Causeway and is just as beautiful." Groups of 10 to 15 will be guided along the bridges which cling to the cliff face just metres above the sea. Tours should be booked in advance and the costs are £8.50 for adults, concessions £6 and a family rate of £23. There will also be a cliff top walk which will be free for the public and has a viewing platform that hangs over the cliff.  This element of the work is not expected to be complete until September. The project is over a year late and £1.5m over budget, but Mid and East Antrim Council has big hopes for the attraction and is expecting 50,000 visitors a year. Tourism Minister Jonathan Bell, who walked the path on Tuesday, said it was "staggeringly beautiful". <mask_1> "Having done it, I think it represents real value for money and puts Northern Ireland with another - and I genuinely mean this -  top quality, international tourist destination." The council's mayor Billy Ashe said it was fantastic for the area. "I think that first and foremost it will put us back on the map," he said. "Berkley Deane Wise thought that this path could be one of the world's attractions - I agree with him. "I think people will be coming here for many, many, many years to feast their eyes on this marvellous achievement."
Jason Woodward's try put them ahead but Josh Bassett, Tommy Taylor and Joe Simpson scored as Wasps went in ahead. Christian Wade, Guy Thompson and Bassett went over for the visitors for a bonus point, which deflated Bristol. The hosts rallied, Jack O'Connell and Nick Fenton-Wells touching down, but it could not stop them from going down. Having finished top of the Championship in five seasons before finally winning promotion in the play-offs last year, Bristol will return to the second-tier at the first time of asking. After Worcester's win over Bath on Saturday, Mark Tainton's Bristol needed two points from the game to prolong their relegation battle, but they lacked a clinical streak. <mask_1> <mask_1> The Premiership's top try-scorer Wade, on his 100th appearance for Dai Young's side, did his England hopes no harm with his 16th score of the campaign. Bristol were promoted to the top tier on 25 May after winning their two-legged play-off final, with the Premiership season starting just 100 days later. Director of rugby Andy Robinson, a former England head coach, was sacked in November after his side lost their first 10 games of the campaign. Tainton took interim charge and Bristol finally got their first league win against Worcester on Boxing Day, following it up with victory at Sale and a losing bonus point at Northampton, but it was a false dawn. The scrapping of the Championship play-offs, meaning the team that finishes top will gain automatic promotion, may give Bristol more time to plan ahead next season if they are successful. Connacht boss Pat Lam will have the task of bringing Bristol back into the Premiership, having signed a three-year deal in December to become head coach from June. Tainton will remain at the helm for their final two matches at Saracens and at home to Newcastle, and remains optimistic about the future of the club. "Obviously it's disappointing to get relegated, but we've put a plan in place whether we were going to stay in the Premiership or get relegated," he said. <mask_1> "Bristol more than most know what a difficult league it (the Championship) is, but hopefully we can bounce back very quickly." Bristol interim head coach Mark Tainton: <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Wasps director of rugby Dai Young: "Obviously there are still things to work on, especially our starts - I thought our first 10 minutes, again, we made far too many mistakes and gave ourselves a bit of a hill to climb. "We just had enough to do it but we make it hard for us really - there's room to improve in every area, but I'm pretty pleased and felt we looked in control for most of the game. "It's up to us to nail it (a top-two finish) ourselves - we're not relying on other people." Bristol: Woodward; Edwards, Hurrell, Henson, Tovey; Searle, Mathewson; Bevington, Jones (capt), Cortes, Phillips, Sorenson, Jeffries, Fenton-Wells, Eadie. Replacements: Crumpton, O'Connell, Ford-Robinson, Glynn, Robinson, Williams, Pisi, Amesbury. Wasps: Le Roux; Wade, Daly, Beale, Bassett; Gopperth, Simpson; Mullan, Taylor, Swainston, Launchbury (capt), Symons, Haskell, Thompson, Hughes. Replacements: Cruse, Bristow, Cooper-Woolley, Myall, Young, Robson, Cipriani, Leiua. For the latest rugby union news follow @bbcrugbyunion on Twitter.
Virginia Raggi said more arrivals could exacerbate social tension. Her call follows local elections on Sunday in which the Five Star Movement performed poorly. More than 500,000 people have arrived by boat since 2014. Nearly 200,000 are being housed in  centres across the country. "We cannot permit the creation of more social tensions," Ms Raggi said on Facebook. "That is why I am saying it is impossible, risky even, to think about creating any new reception structures." The interior ministry has asked all Italian municipalities to find space for an expected 250,000 new migrants this year, up from about 180,000 last year. Some observers say Ms Raggi is attempting to win back support by targeting migrants after her party failed to make the run-off in 24 of the main 25 cities choosing a new mayor. <mask_1> <mask_1> Just over 20,000 migrants have so far been relocated under the plan and the EU has begun legal action against against Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic for refusing to accept refugees. <mask_1> The others are deemed to be illegal economic migrants and face deportation, but this can be difficult to arrange in practice because their countries of origin sometimes refuse to take them back. A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.
South Sudan's defensive tactics paid dividends as they held on for a point. <mask_1> "We are happy that we have picked a point against a strong Sudan side," said South Sudan's goalkeeper Juma Ginaro after the game. "We now wait to face Malawi in our last group game." The draw leaves Sudan in third place behind their neighbours with just a single point so far after they lost 2-1 to Malawi in their first match. Guest team Malawi top the group and have qualified for the last eight after brushing aside Djibouti 3-0. Yaboh Idriss Moussa missed several chances for Djibouti before Gerald Phiri converted a penalty for Malawi and John Banda and Chiukepo Msowoya secured the victory. In the other games played on Wednesday defending champions Kenya and Burundi settled for a 1-1 all draw. While hosts Ethiopia recovered from their loss in the opening match to Rwanda to beat Somalia 2-0 in front of a capacity crowd.
<mask_1> Roche was also second in the overall standings, six seconds behind Voeckler. Bury's Adam Yates (Orica) was Britain's highest finisher, as he was third in the stage and fourth overall. Sunday's final stage, a 198km route from Middlesbrough to Scarborough, contained six categorised climbs. Team Sky set a punishing pace in wet and gruelling conditions after taking it on at half distance and with 44km to go they had five riders at the head of the leading group. Roche attacked on the ascent at Harwood Dale and took with them Voeckler, Yates, Anthony Turgis (Cofidis) and Steven Kruijswijk (LottoNL). <mask_1> Voeckler, who finished third last year after missing out in a sprint finish, used that experience to employ some cat and mouse tactics, as he tracked Roche along the resort's seafront in front of huge crowds on the town's famous grass banks. Roche suffered a momentary lapse in concentration, causing him to look the wrong way as Voeckler flew past him with the finishing line in sight to leave his rival in his wake. Voeckler told ITV4: "It wasn't just with the strength in my legs that I used, but also my head. <mask_1> "Then I knew to launch the sprint at 300 metres. Although it was early, with the wind at my back, it was not so bad." And in a tribute to the Yorkshire public that came out in huge numbers despite persistent drizzle, he added: "I feel like this is home because the crowd were shouting my name." The Tour de Yorkshire is a legacy of the county's hosting of 2014 Tour de France's Grand Depart. More than two million people are estimated to have lined the three-day route.
The hosts almost caught Torquay napping with a simple ball over the top in the first minute, but Woking loanee Delano Sam-Yorke was unable to get his shot on target. Maidstone continued to force the issue, with Nana Ofori-Twumasi and Jamar Loza also going close before the break, and they got their rewards when Loza found Sam-Yorke in space to fire home from 10 yards in the 53rd minute. Substitute Brett Williams briefly levelled things up for Torquay after 63 minutes, but Jack Paxman sealed the win which took Maidstone out of the drop zone six minutes later. Report supplied by the Press Association Match ends, <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> James Rogers replaces Jack Paxman. Seth Nana Ofori-Twumasi (Maidstone United) is shown the yellow card. Substitution, Torquay United. Sam Chaney replaces Ben Gerring. <mask_1> Alex Flisher replaces Jamar Loza. Goal!  <mask_1> Jack Paxman (Maidstone United). Goal!  <mask_1> Brett Williams (Torquay United). Substitution, Torquay United. Jamie Reid replaces Luke Young. Substitution, Torquay United. Brett Williams replaces Shaun Harrad. Goal!  <mask_1> Delano Sam-Yorke (Maidstone United). Second Half begins Maidstone United 0, Torquay United 0. First Half ends, Maidstone United 0, Torquay United 0. First Half begins. Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
<mask_1> So, 167,800 Wall Street employees were paid $28.5bn (£18.2bn) in bonuses, while 1,007,000 full-time minimum wage earners made about $14bn. One particularly eye-catching blog on the subject carried the headline: "If You Own a Pitchfork, You Will Grab It When You See This Chart". I wondered if this statistic was also true in the UK. The best proxy we have for the Wall Street bonus pool is the ONS figure for bonuses paid in the finance and insurance sector, the most recent figure for which was £14.4bn in the financial year 2013-14. The Low Pay Commission says that excluding apprenticeships there were 1.3 million jobs in 2014 that paid the National Minimum Wage (NMW) of which 40% were full-time, so that's about 520,000 jobs. Assuming everyone earned the highest level of minimum wage, the average level of the NMW for 2013-14 was £6.25. If we assume that they worked 37.5 hours a week (that's the average number of full-time hours given in the Annual Survey of Hours and Earnings for 2014) and that they work 48 weeks a year, their total earnings come to £5.9bn, which is less than half the amount paid in bonuses by the finance and insurance sector - it's about 40%. Before you go and buy a pitchfork, remember that there are differences between this figure and the US one. <mask_1> There were people paid very high bonuses but also people paid much more modest ones. The average overall was £13,300, but I would expect that to mask quite a range. But the other question is, what is this an indicator for and what would make it rise or fall? So, for example, imagine that 100,000 people earning minimum wage suddenly received a pay rise of £1 an hour. <mask_1> But it would be hard to argue that their pay rise had increased inequality. Nonetheless, if you were outraged by the figure from the US then you will be just as outraged that the same appears to be true in the UK.
The force said mental health issues resulted in 141,230 lost days among front-line officers. The Liberal Democrats said the figures showed evidence of a force "being stretched to breaking point". <mask_1> Police Scotland released the figures to the Lib Dems under Freedom of Information laws. The party's justice spokesman Liam McArthur said police officers and civilian staff were not getting the support they needed from the Scottish government. He said: "The savings that were promised by the SNP before the creation of Police Scotland have not materialised. "As a result, officers and civilian staff are being asked to do more and more with less. With the chief constable warning that further cuts are coming, the pressure on staff is only likely to get worse." He added: "We have already seen staff surveys which show morale is at rock bottom. <mask_1> "Policing is a high-stress profession at the best of times. <mask_1> "This means giving police management the freedom to put resources where they are needed. "Extra money is also required to plug the hole in the national force's budget and avert the loss of staff which would only put those remaining further under the cosh." A Scottish government spokesman said Police Scotland would be expected to have "robust policies" in place to support staff and manage their health at work. <mask_1> "We have committed to protecting the police revenue budget in real terms, safeguarding policing from Westminster budget cuts and delivering an additional Â£100m of investment by the end of this parliament, in addition to Â£55m of reform funding in 2016-17." A Scottish Police Authority (SPA) spokeswoman said: "The SPA recognise and value the contribution of our workforce. We regularly scrutinise absence levels to ensure they are effectively monitored and managed. "We also ensure all officers and staff have access to a range of support options, including an appropriate independent occupational health service which can be tailored to individual needs. "As a responsible employer, we have placed major importance and priority on listening to the police workforce and acting on the issues raised."
<mask_1> Squire had revealed he was suffering from a rare form of leukaemia. The band said he died "peacefully" in Phoenix, Arizona, on Saturday night. <mask_1> Squire had revealed in May that he had been recently diagnosed with acute erythroid leukemia, which would force him to miss the band's summer co-headlining tour with Toto. Yes were formed in 1968 when singer Jon Anderson met self-taught bassist Squire in London. Their big break came a year later when they signed to Atlantic Records after opening for Janis Joplin at London's Royal Albert Hall. Their debut single, Sweetness, and first album, Yes, were released later that year. Other albums included 1971's Fragile, 1972's Close To The Edge and 1977's Going For The One. In 1983 they released the album 90125, which featured their classic hit Owner Of A Lonely Heart. That went on to become a US number one hit in January 1984 despite only reaching number 28 in their home country. Squire also released a solo album, Fish Out Of Water, in 1975. The group's most recent studio album, Heaven & Earth, came out last year. <mask_1> Musicians and fans took to Twitter and Facebook to pay tribute to Squire. <mask_1> You will surely be missed." Rage Against the Machine guitarist Tom Morello tweeted: "RIP Chris Squire, super bassist of Yes. An extremely talented musician's musician who mastered his instrument and took it to new realms." American rock guitarist Joe Satriani posted: "R.I.P. and thank you Chris Squire. #ChrisSquire,#yes" The band posted on their official website to say they would have more information for fans soon, adding: "Thank you for all your heartfelt tributes on Facebook and Twitter."
The Blues, who had keeper Thibaut Courtois sent off, were down to nine men for a period after staff ran on to treat Hazard following a trip, despite him not appearing to be badly injured. If a player receives treatment, they must leave the field. "I was unhappy with my medical staff. They were impulsive and naive," Mourinho told Sky Sports. <mask_1> "You have to know you have one player less and to assist a player you must be sure he has a serious problem. I was sure Eden did not have a serious problem. He had a knock. He was tired." Chelsea were already struggling to cope against Swansea's extra man before Hazard was tripped by Gylfi Sigurdsson with six minutes remaining, leading to Mourinho's frustration. It was an eventful match for Premier League champions Chelsea. Courtois suffered an injury scare in the warm-up before he was was dismissed in the 52nd minute after bringing down Swansea striker Bafetimbi Gomis. Replacement goalkeeper Asmir Begovic came on for his debut after an £8m move from Stoke, with opening goalscorer Oscar making way. Gomis scored the resulting penalty. "I don't want to talk about it," Mourinho said of the referee's decision. <mask_1> Following defeat by Arsenal in last Sunday's Community Shield, Chelsea again looked rusty, having returned from a pre-season tour of North America where they travelled 9,800 miles. Mourinho said: "Swansea didn't have chances against 11 men. The team was playing very, very well in the first half. <mask_1> <mask_1> I would say we were the best team with 11 players and with 10 we fought hard, some fighting at the limit of their condition." Chelsea travel to face Manchester City in their next game on Sunday, 16 August.
Last year, Beijing banned any more "bizarre" buildings. In recent years the country has seen buildings shaped like a teapot and another resembling a pair of trousers. Now, China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce has continued the government's crusade for normalcy with restrictions on such names as 'scared of wife' or 'prehistoric powers'. So, just how weird and wonderful are Chinese company names? Well, a few otherwise-unoccupied social media users in China have dug up some gems. Some curiosities have crept into business names from internet memes. "Shenyang Prehistoric Powers Hotel Management Limited Company" might sound weird but less so to Chinese sports fans who remember swimmer Fu Yuanhui. She famously won a bronze medal at the Rio Olympics, afterwards declaring: "I have used all my prehistoric powers to swim!" There are also lots of restaurants and cafes with the phrase "skinny blue mushroom". The phrase originated from a meme which mocked a man from Guangxi province who uploaded a video of himself talking about his loneliness while his girlfriend was away. "Unbearable, I want to cry," he moaned - but thanks to his accent, it ended up sounding more like "skinny blue mushroom". <mask_1> Or, more accurately, "There Is a Group of Young People With Dreams, Who Believe They Can Make the Wonders of Life Under the Leadership of Uncle Niu Internet Technology Co Ltd." It's not concise, but at least it's positive. Others aren't so upbeat, especially when it comes to home life. And given "Beijing Scared of Wife Technology Company" and "Anping County Scared of Wife Netting Products Factory" are both registered companies, the trend doesn't seem to be limited by industry or region. The rules of written Chinese are vastly different to those of written English, so many names seem far stranger in translation than in the original tongue. <mask_1> Western company names often follow the name of their founder (think Boeing, Ford or Gucci), which might have no direct translation. Or they might be a concocted portmanteau (think Verizon, which is the Latin word "veritas" meaning truth, with horizon bolted on to the end) or maybe even just tech nonsense (Etsy, Hulu). <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> "BMW's current Chinese name is 宝马. It's great. The first character means 'treasure' and the second character means 'horse'. <mask_1> It just has a great feel to it," says Mr Lawton. He has a few other examples he likes too. Pampers, for example, is 帮宝适 or "bang bao shi", which means "helps make baby comfortable". Walch soap 威露士 or "wei lu shi" loosely translates as "mighty liquid guard", and who wouldn't want to wash with that?
BT, Edinburgh International Conference Centre and Apex Hotels are among firms supporting the City Region deal. The six councils behind the bid claim it will lead to more jobs and improve infrastructure across the Lothians, Fife and the Borders. It will now be submitted to the UK and Scottish governments. <mask_1> It is being led by East Lothian, the City of Edinburgh, Fife, Midlothian, Scottish Borders and West Lothian councils. If the bid is successful, they hope to build new housing, generate jobs and improve connectivity through transport links and the internet. They believe it could also generate an additional £3.2bn worth of private sector investment. Andrew Burns, the leader of the City of Edinburgh Council, said: "I am delighted that we have now reached this key milestone and look forward to discussing our proposals in more detail with both governments in the coming months. "In negotiating this deal, we want to build on our key sector strengths of knowledge, culture and technology." He added: "Our ambition is to achieve a step change in economic performance for the economies of the region, Scotland and the UK and we are delighted that to date almost 100 businesses have registered their support. "In addition to this the academic community in the region are also on board. <mask_1>
The investment will secure thousands of jobs at the Sunderland factory, which produces the current Juke, Qashqai, Note and electric Leaf models. The firm said the money gave "security to our Sunderland plant beyond 2020". Chancellor George Osborne welcomed the "fantastic news" that was "an important sign of Britain being chosen as a global leader in car production". <mask_1> According to Prof David Bailey from Aston Business School, Nissan's Sunderland plant makes more cars than the whole of the Italian car industry. The new investment will secure 6,700 jobs at the plant and more than 27,000 in the supply chain. Unite union assistant general secretary Tony Burke said: "We warmly welcome the decision of Nissan to build the new Juke model in the UK, when it could have gone to one of Nissan's plants abroad. "The decision demonstrates the confidence the industry has in a highly skilled and dedicated workforce across the UK automotive industry." Nissan Europe chairman Paul Wilcox told the BBC the plant was "probably the most productive in Europe and, I'd argue, globally". He added that although demand in Russia and China was slowing, the car market in western Europe was "very good and improving, and the market in the UK is very, very good". "We are not getting carried away as the global market is turbulent, but we are seeing slight growth in demand." According to figures from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders, UK car production in the first half of the year hit a seven-year high of 793,642 cars - the equivalent of three cars every minute. <mask_1>
CO2 emissions are believed to be the driving force behind climate change. The Paris deal is the world's first comprehensive climate agreement. It will only come into force legally after it is ratified by at least 55 countries, which between them produce 55% of global carbon emissions. "Ratification is yet to be done and India too is yet to do it. I announce that India will ratify the decision on October 2, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi," Mr Modi said in a speech at a national meeting of his ruling party in the southern state of Kerala. Last December, countries agreed to cut emissions in a bid to keep the global average rise in temperatures below 2C. <mask_1>
Lennon Toland, from the city's Tollcross area, was struck by a white Ford Transit van in Dalness Street, Shettleston, at about 15:15 on Monday. <mask_1> The 62-year-old van driver was not injured. Police have appealed for witnesses to the accident to contact them.
Kerry Jane Wilson, 60, was working with an NGO when she was taken from the company's office in Jalalabad by armed men in military-style uniforms. She is now "safe and well", according to Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop, who gave no further details. Jalalabad is close to the border with Pakistan, in a region where militant groups are known to operate. Ms Wilson, known also as Katherine, is the director of Zardozi, a charity which helps poor women start their own businesses. She had been working in the region for 20 years before she was kidnapped by the unidentified gunmen. Ms Bishop said the government would not comment on the circumstances of her release to "protect those who remain captive or face the risk of kidnapping". <mask_1> Australia says it does not pay ransoms for hostages. Ms Wilson's 91-year-old father, Brian Wilson, had earlier told the Australian Broadcasting Corp he was extremely worried about his daughter, but that the kidnappers would probably keep her alive.
It is also cancelling annual bonus payments as part of a series of measures aimed at saving $118m (Â£89m) in employment costs. In July, civil servants went on strike over delays in the payment of their salaries. The country is going through its toughest economic situation since the hyper-inflation of 2008. Speaking to parliament on Thursday, Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa said that currently the government wage bill takes up nearly 97% of the revenue it receives. He hopes to bring that figure down to 75% by the end of next year. The 25,000 job losses, which amount to 8% of the civil service workforce, were described in the state-owned Herald newspaper as a "bold measure" to reduce "unsustainable" spending. Last year, Mr Chinamasa made similar proposals which were then blocked by the cabinet. <mask_1> <mask_1> The government is finding it hard to raise revenue amid an economic collapse. The BBC's Brian Hungwe in Harare says more than 10,000 companies have shut in the last decade. He adds that President Robert Mugabe blames his economic woes on sanctions, but his critics blame what they call ruinous economic policies and corruption within his government. To add to the country's woes, a severe drought has left many people dependent on food aid.
Tries from Kotaro Matsushima and Yoshikazu Fujita helped them into an 18-8 half-time lead, with Takudzwa Ngwenya crossing for the US. Amanaki Mafi burst through for Japan's third try before Chris Wyles crossed to give the United States hope. But Goromaru's third penalty late in the game gave Japan a clear lead. After their thrilling opening win against South Africa, Japan went on to add the scalps of Samoa and the US, but their heavy defeat by Scotland left them third in the group, and they miss out on a place in the last eight. The Eagles finish having lost all four of their matches. <mask_1> They had only ever won one match at a World Cup before, and their three victories in England represent a significant improvement. <mask_1> <mask_1> At the end of the pool stage, only Greig Laidlaw (60) has scored more than him in 2015 (58). <mask_1> Japan's win brought to an end a highly-competitive and entertaining pool stage. The quarter-finalists are now known as the 2015 tournament reaches the business end. USA: Chris Wyles; Takudzwa Ngwenya, Seamus Kelly, Thretton Palamo, Zach Test, AJ MacGinty, Mike Petri; Eric Fry, Zach Fenoglio, Titi Lamositele, Hayden Smith, Greg Peterson, Al McFarland, Andrew Durutalo, Samu Manoa. Replacements: Phil Thiel Thiel for Fenoglio (63), Cam Dolan for Smith (31), John Quill for Peterson (77). Japan: Ayumu Goromaru; Yoshikazu Fujita, Harumichi Tatekawa, Craig Wing, Kotaro Matsushima, Kosei Ono, Fumiaki Tanaka; Keita Inagaki, Shota Horie, Hiroshi Yamashita, Luke Thompson, Justin Ives, Michael Leitch, Michael Broadhurst, Ryu Koliniasi Holani. Replacements: Karne Hesketh for H. Ono (73), Masataka Mikami for Inagaki (59), Takeshi Kizu for Horie (77), Kensuke Hatakeyama for Yamashita (41), Shinya Makabe for Ives (68), Hendrik Tui for Broadhurst (73), Lelei Mafi for Holani (41). Attendance: 14,578 Referee: Glen Jackson (New Zealand) For the latest rugby union news, follow @bbcrugbyunion on Twitter.
The 29-year-old former Billericay, Peterborough United and Gillingham man scored nine goals in 24 appearances for Boro last season. "There were a couple of players at Stevenage that stood out last season and Chris was one of them," Dons boss Neal Ardley told the club website. "His goalscoring record from midfield has been exceptional over the years." Whelpdale becomes AFC Wimbledon's third signing of the summer following their promotion to the third tier via the League Two play-offs. <mask_1> Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
<mask_1> Mr Ramos said he would ensure the assembly would act "as an autonomous power." The newly elected lawmakers will take up their seats on Tuesday. Mr Ramos Allup was chosen by opposition lawmakers in a secret ballot with 69 votes out of 111 cast, defeating 46-year-old Julio Borges of the Justice First party. <mask_1> Mr Ramos Allup is the secretary general of the social-democratic Democratic Action party, which has long been opposing the socialist government of President Nicolas Maduro and his predecessor in office, Hugo Chavez. The government says Mr Ramos Allup is a member of Venezuela's "old guard". His Democratic Action was one of two parties that alternated in power for four decades before President Hugo Chavez was elected president in 1998. But his supporters say the 72-year-old has the experience and political savvy to turn the National Assembly into a counterbalance to President Maduro's executive branch. <mask_1> Known for his sometimes confrontational style, he struck a surprisingly conciliatory note after his election. "We represent an alternative. We are not going to be anti-establishment, rather an autonomous legislative power," he said. "We ask people to watch us, to demand more of us, and keep an eye on what we do to make sure we honour our commitment," he added. Nevertheless, the first session of the assembly is expected to be tense after the opposition coalition said all of its 112 members would take up their seats even though three have been suspended by the Supreme Court pending investigations into alleged voting irregularities. Tension is also expected to be high around the National Assembly building, as both the opposition and the governing Socialists have called on their supporters to converge on the building.
Aqsa Mahmood, 20, travelled to Syria from her Glasgow home to become a "Jihadi bride" in November 2013. The Daily Mail reported she had been in touch with at least one of the three London girls, who are aged 15 and 16. The trio are thought to have flown to Turkey in an attempt to enter Syria. Shamima Begum, 15, Kadiza Sultana, 16,  and an unnamed 15-year-old girl, who all attended Bethnal Green Academy in Tower Hamlets, travelled to Turkey on Tuesday. They were interviewed by police after another girl from their school went to Syria in December but were not considered as a risk. <mask_1> <mask_1> "You are killing your family every day with your actions, they are begging you stop if you ever loved them." The statement also said the UK security services had questions to answer. It added: "Aqsa's social media has been monitored since she disappeared over a year ago, yet despite alleged contact between the girls and Aqsa, they failed to stop them from leaving the UK for Turkey, a staging post for Syria. "Sadly, despite all the government's rhetoric on Isis, if they can't even take basic steps to stop children leaving to join Isis, what is the point of any new laws?" Privately educated Mahmood travelled through Turkey to Aleppo in Syria, where she married an Islamic State fighter. She was reported to have later encouraged terrorist acts via a Twitter account under the name Umm Layth. The account has since been deleted. Speaking in September, her parents Khalida and Muzaffar Mahmood said their daughter had attended Craigholme School, then university and was "well integrated into society". <mask_1>
<mask_1> Harriet Baldwin faced calls from SNP and Labour MPs to confirm a time-frame for cutting steel on the frigates. But she said it would be "inappropriate" to do so as negotiations continue. Work had originally been due to start this year, but SNP defence spokesman Brendan O'Hara predicted during a Commons debate on Tuesday that construction of the ships would not start until at least the summer of next year. He also said the delays could be in part blamed on the economic impact of Brexit, as well as the government committing too much of its procurement budget to renewing the Trident nuclear deterrent. <mask_1> In reply, Ms Baldwin told the Westminster Hall debate: "The timing of the award of the build contract and the build schedule itself are key components of the ongoing commercial negotiations between the Government and BAE Systems. <mask_1> "These negotiations are continuing, so I am not this afternoon in a position to give a specific date as to when an agreement will be reached. "To protect the commercial interests of the Ministry of Defence, disclosing any such detail would be inappropriate at this time." Under questioning from the SNP's Chris Stephens, Ms Baldwin confirmed the national ship building strategy will report by the time of the Autumn Statement on 23 November, which could reveal fresh information about plans for the Type 26 frigates. Ms Baldwin also resisted calls to disclose further reasons behind delays and cuts to the project. The project has already been cut from 13 to eight new ships, while a target to start cutting steel in May has been delayed indefinitely. Tory MP Bob Stewart, a former British Army officer, said: "I don't think we need the minister to answer that - the answer is we had no money. "That's why we had to cut down the number of Type 26 ships. We did not have the money, and we actually had to cut our means to suit our coat." SNP MP Martin Docherty-Hughes said the delays left Scotland and the United Kingdom "dangerously under-defended", adding it was a "tale of under-investment and neglect".
The collision happened on the westbound carriageway between junction 23, Magor, and junction 24, Coldra, at about 15:25 BST. Gwent Police said four people were believed to have been injured but the extent of their injuries is not known. <mask_1> That crash saw motorists face delays of up to 60 minutes as the exit slip road was closed - it was later reopened at 13:45. The delays were not helped by the closure of the M48 Severn Bridge in both directions, which has been shut all weekend for maintenance work.
The role is widely regarded as the biggest job in British theatre, and Norris called it "a great honour". "I am thrilled at the challenge of leading this exceptional organisation, where it has been a privilege to work under the inspirational leadership of Nick Hytner," he said. Sir Nicholas announced last April he would step down in March 2015. Norris first came to prominence in 2001 with his production of Afore Night Come at the Young Vic, for which he won the Evening Standard award for most promising newcomer. Having initially trained at Rada as an actor, the 48-year-old has since directed theatre in the West End and on Broadway, as well as having experience with opera and film. In 2012 his film Broken premiered at the Cannes Film Festival before winning best British independent film at the British Independent Film Awards. He recently directed The Amen Corner at the National and also created Dr Dee: An English Opera with Blur frontman Damon Albarn for the Manchester International Festival in 2011. Earlier this year he also launched the National's temporary Shed venue on London's Southbank with Table, by his playwright wife Tanya Ronder. <mask_1> "That being to fill our theatres with the most exciting, accessible and ground-breaking work our unique and broad community of artists has to offer." <mask_1> He has overseen worldwide hits such as The History Boys, War Horse and One Man, Two Guvnors, as well as NT Live which screens theatre productions in cinemas. <mask_1> <mask_1> Sir Nicholas said Norris received a standing ovation from the National Theatre company when he had introduced him earlier, accompanied by a huge roar "even louder than when old Alfie falls down the stairs in One Man, Two Guvnors". <mask_1> Theo Bosanquet - editor, WhatsOnStage "He fits the bill. There are certain echoes between him and Hytner which no doubt appealed to the board. "The main thing is that neither of them, upon being appointed, had run buildings before. They both enjoyed stellar careers as freelance directors which, firstly, indicates the board wants to have an artist at the head rather than a career artistic director and, secondly, they want someone with new ideas. "He's had a fascinating career. Festen at the Almeida (2004) was a stellar production and proved that work fostered in a subsidised theatre could transfer to the commercial West End. "The key with him is that he can direct at the Olivier (The Amen Corner, London Road, Death and the King's Horseman) and on a smaller scale at The Shed (Table). "He's proved he has the ability to direct across the board." WhatsOnStage "The theatre's in a different place from when Nick [Hytner] took over - a position of strength." Norris revealed he was directing a movie version of London Road in 2014, but said he would be "100% committed to this building" from the moment Sir Nicholas leaves. "I'm not going to kid myself. I will be chained to this place," he added. Norris, who has been an associate director at the National Theatre since 2011, will take up his new position from April 2015. <mask_1> "There have been many times in my life when I've regretted that I played in bands and was a painter decorator for four years when I could have been at university, but I seem to be here - it worked out," Norris said. "The simple fact is, lots of people who go to Oxford and Cambridge are very, very clever. That doesn't mean they're the only clever people." The National Theatre's chairman John Makinson said: "The Board looked for an individual with a creative reputation that would command the respect and support of British theatre, and with the generosity of spirit that has characterised Nick Hytner's period as director. "Rufus Norris has both those qualities in abundance. <mask_1> "We are fortunate that he has chosen to join us." The National Theatre's first director from 1963-73 was Sir Laurence Olivier, who is widely considered to be one of the greatest actors of all time. <mask_1> He continued: "I'm sure that what I bring to it will be nothing like the amount of skill and expertise that his acting career allowed him to bring to the table. "But I think, yeah, training as an actor and having that experience for a while gives you an insight into a certain aspect of the process which is very, very useful." Sir Kenneth Branagh, Stephen Daldry, Danny Boyle and ex-Donmar Warehouse bosses Michael Grandage and Sam Mendes had all been in the frame for the job, although Mendes had ruled himself out of the race. <mask_1>
The Endeavour project has bought a former German harbour ferry for £1 with the hope of raising £3m to restore the 59-year-old rusting vessel. A service used to link Liverpool with the Welsh resort, while en route to the Isle of Man, 30 years ago. "The money is coming from some private investors," said restorer Steve Payne. "We have some fund-raising ourselves and then we've had some bequests come in as well." The 55-metre long vessel, first launched in Hamburg in 1958, has been rusting in Liverpool docks since 1994 when an attempt to turn her into a floating bar on Liverpool's famous Albert Dock failed. Enthusiasts, headed by Mr Payne, saved her from scrap in 2016 with the dream of offering three-hour summer day trips for up to 450 people from Liverpool to Llandudno. The Endeavour's two diesel engines will have to be refurbished while the lifeboats have been sent to Norway for an overhaul. Many of the ship's fittings need replacing and even the ship's wheel has been stolen. <mask_1> "We have the basis of a very, very good ship here." <mask_1> The Endeavour has no history of sailing in British waters but Mr Payne believes she is the ideal ship for traditional summer day trippers. "You can't find ships like this any more," he said. "There's not a major UK connection but we want to establish a new connection for this ship so children can have a chance to experience this in 25 years time the way their grandparents did."
<mask_1> Anglers claim water quality threatens the future of the Arctic char fish. A High Court judge reserved judgement in the case at Caernarfon on Wednesday. The judicial review proceedings have been brought by the Seiont, Gwyrfai, and Llyfni Anglers Society, represented by a body called Fish Legal - an umbrella organisation for fishing groups. Lawyers claimed Natural Resources Wales (NRW) had not done enough to protect the Arctic char, primarily from raw sewage and treated effluent discharged by Welsh Water. The company said since 2010 it had invested £3.6m at the works, with another £4.6m agreed to be spent by summer 2016. It said the work completed meant the lake met water quality standards necessary to be awarded bathing water status by the Welsh government. "It is not accepted that the discharge of final treated effluent has degraded the lake as alleged by the society, or caused damage to fish stocks," its statement  added.
The Kenyan trade unionist turned politician Tom Mboya, who studied at Ruskin College, Oxford, wanted members of his country's government to be adequately prepared for a post-colonial Kenya. He recognised quite early on that there were not enough professional Africans to run an efficient civil service. <mask_1> The idea was for them to acquire the necessary skills and come back to help build a new country when the white civil servants packed up and returned to Europe. One of those students was one Barack Obama from Kogelo, near the port city of Kisumu on the shores of Lake Victoria. <mask_1> There he fell in love and married a young American woman, Ann Dunham. They had a son named after his father, Barack Hussein Obama II. I travelled to Mr Obama's home in Kogelo where I met his step-grandmother Sarah Obama and aunt Marsat Onyango Obama to find out what the scholarship meant for the family at the time. <mask_1> Ms Onyango told me that even though she had not yet been born when Mr Obama left, she knew that the family had been very proud of him. "They said he carried their hopes and dreams." Tom Mboya was assassinated in central Nairobi 1969 at the age of 38. <mask_1> He had achieved a lot for his young age - his intellectual prowess and eloquence meant that he could articulate his vision clearly to others. <mask_1> One of his daughters, Susan Mboya, who holds a PhD in chemistry, is an executive at Coca-Cola Africa based in Nairobi. She also runs a scholarship programme, known as Zawadi, the Kiswahili word for gift, helping mainly young African women to study abroad. In light of the excitement engulfing Kenya ahead of President Obama's visit this weekend, I asked what she thought of her father's initiative. <mask_1> <mask_1> "But I think the biggest benefit that Barack Obama has brought is how he has inspired young people all over the worldâ€¦ and to me that is the huge thing that has come out of the scholarships." I asked her why she had followed in her father's footsteps by setting up her own programme. "I want to finish what my father started but I want to finish it in a way that brings balance to the leadership in this country." The airlift scholarship also took the Kenyan newspaper columnist Philip Ochieng to America. He studied a Bachelor of Arts in Literature at Chicago's Roosevelt University. The 76-year-old knew Mr Obama Senior very well and recalls that he was clever. He told me in Nairobi that they used to drink whisky together. As he put it: "America watered my thirst for knowledge." What if The scholarship programme educated nearly 800 students from Kenya and elsewhere in East Africa. Other scholars included the late Wangari Mathaai, who became the first African woman to become a Nobel Peace Prize laureate, and the late geneticist Reuben Olembo, who became a director at the United Nations environment agency, Unep. The partner, on the other side of the Atlantic, was an American entrepreneur William X Scheinman, who was a good friend of Tom Mboya's, and they received President John F Kennedy's support. Musician and activist Harry Belafonte and actor Sidney Poitier raised funds for the scholarship fund, amongst many others. Mr Belafonte later wrote about Mr Obama Senior's scholarship: "Imagine: perhaps, if not for support from the African American Students' Foundation, he might not have come to America," he said. "Then who would be in the White House today?" <mask_1> He died in a car crash in 1982. But not before he had visited his son in Hawaii. He gave his son his first basketball as a gift and took him to his first jazz concert, where the maestro pianist and composer Dave Brubeck was performing. And as I left her office in Nairobi, which boasts pictures of when she met President Obama, Ms Mboya reminded me "it doesn't take much to change a life."
Culture Minister Ali Jannati said flights would only resume once those responsible had been punished. <mask_1> The move is likely to deepen tensions between the two regional powers. They are currently at odds over the conflict in Yemen, where a coalition led by Sunni Muslim-ruled Saudi Arabia is carrying out air strikes on Shia Houthi rebels, which the US says are receiving military assistance from Iran. Iran and the Houthis deny this. <mask_1> On Monday, Mr Jannati told state television: "I have ordered the Hajj and Pilgrimage Organisation to suspend the Umra until the criminals are tried and punished." "Considering what has happened, Iranians' dignity has been damaged and a public demand has formed," he added. The minister said Saudi officials had "promised to punish the persons in custody". "They even asserted that they would execute them, but nothing has been done in reality so far." Each year about 500,000 Iranians undertake the Umra, an optional pilgrimage that can be undertaken at any time of the year other than during the main pilgrimage, or Hajj. Although the Umra includes some of the rituals of the Hajj, which every sane adult Muslim must undertake at least once in their lives if they can afford it and are physically able, they are shortened and there are fewer of them.
It also proclaimed the group's leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, as caliph and "leader for Muslims everywhere". Setting up a state governed under strict Islamic law has long been a goal of many jihadists. <mask_1> The city was seized by the insurgents on 11 June as they swept across large parts of north-western Iraq. <mask_1> <mask_1> Isis also said that from now on it would be known simply as "the Islamic State". The BBC's Middle East editor, Jeremy Bowen, says the declaration harks back to the rise of Islam, when the Prophet Muhammad's followers conquered vast territories in the Middle Ages. The Sunni-Shia split has its origins in a dispute over the succession to Muhammad. It's easy to dismiss the latest crop of Isis videos and statements as mere propaganda (however well produced), but the announcement of the establishment of a caliphate is rich with religious, cultural and historic significance. Generations of Sunni radicals have dreamt of a moment when, in the words of Isis spokesman Abu Muhammad al-Adnani, Muslims "shake off the dust of humiliation and disgrace" and a new caliphate rises out of the chaos, confusion and despair of the modern Middle East. Many Sunnis, and all Shia, will recoil in horror from the barbarism that has accompanied this moment, but the sight of old colonial-era boundaries being erased is a powerful statement, designed to attract new recruits to this whirlwind jihad. In one of the Isis videos uploaded on Sunday, a bearded fighter called Abu Safiyya guides the viewer around a newly demolished border post. The video, with its arresting imagery and impressive production values, is designed to electrify the group's followers. The fact that Abu Safiyya is described as being from Chile merely adds to what the authors hope is now the organisation's global appeal. Isis said the Islamic state would extend from Aleppo in northern Syria to Diyala province in eastern Iraq. <mask_1> In the recording, the rebels also demanded that all Muslims "pledge allegiance" to the new ruler and "reject democracy and other garbage from the West". On Sunday, Iraqi government jets struck at rebel positions and clashes broke out in various parts of Tikrit, witnesses and officials said. "The security forces are advancing from different areas", Lt-Gen Qassem Atta told journalists. "There are ongoing clashes." Troops had reportedly pulled back to the nearby town of Dijla as Saturday's initial offensive met stiff resistance. The heavy fighting over the two days caused many casualties on both sides, eyewitnesses and journalists told the BBC. Insurgents were reported to have shot down a helicopter and captured the pilot. Meanwhile, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called for the creation of an independent Kurdish state in response to gains made by Sunni insurgents in Iraq. In a speech in Tel Aviv, he said the Kurds were "a nation of fighters and have proved political commitment and are worthy of independence". The Kurds have long striven for an independent state but they remain divided between Syria and Turkey, Iran and Iraq. <mask_1>
Look into their jaundiced eyes, listen to their weary words and you enter a world of crossed-out, ripped-up, stomped-upon storylines. So sup up the youthful vigour of Great Britain's glorious Olympians Anthony Joshua and Luke Campbell while you can. Because the flavour might run out before long. "You get back from an Olympics and you're hot property," says James DeGale, who won gold for Britain at the 2008 Games in Beijing. "I'd done my country proud, I signed for the biggest promoter in Europe in Frank Warren. <mask_1> That stuff fades, this is some serious stuff.'" On 16 November, DeGale fights Dyah Davis at the Bluewater shopping centre in Kent. Vegas it isn't. Almost five years, 17 fights and plenty of lumps and bumps into his professional career, the promised land still seems a long way off. "I definitely thought I'd have fought for a world title by now," adds the 27-year-old, who at least has terrestrial television exposure on Channel 5. "But with politics and problems with promoters [DeGale left Warren for Mick Hennessy last September], things slowed down a touch. <mask_1> No British Olympic boxing champion has won a professional world title. Chris Finnegan, who struck gold in 1968, came closest, losing in valiant fashion to American light-heavyweight great Bob Foster in 1972. Media playback is not supported on this device Sydney 2000 champion Audley Harrison entered the pro ranks believing the medal dangling from his neck doubled as an amulet but soon discovered that gold grows old, like any other colour. Errol Christie never competed at an Olympics but he was one of Britain's finest amateur talents, our very own Sugar Ray Leonard. <mask_1> "Christie's heart," it was written, "sets questions his chin can't answer." Frankie Gavin was billed as a modern-day Christie - only better. Balletic foot movement, exquisite balance, the kid from Birmingham had pretty much everything. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> But when you turn pro you're on your own. I didn't realise how lonely it would be." An unhappy boxer tends to be an underperforming boxer and loneliness exacerbated by personal turmoil made Gavin a very unhappy boxer indeed. <mask_1> <mask_1> And I was even lonelier." Besides his relationship ending in acrimonious circumstances, Gavin's grandmother died and his mother was diagnosed with cancer. In addition, Gavin felt unloved by some of those charged with guiding his career. <mask_1> It made me think. <mask_1> I said to Frank Warren: 'I'll get back in touch if I want to box again.'" Sitting next to Gavin, with his eyes wide open and his ears cocked, is his old team-mate Anthony Ogogo, a bronze medallist at the London Olympics. Ogogo, on the books of American giants Golden Boy Promotions, is three fights into his pro career and as bushy-tailed as boxers come. But even he is becoming pitted by the game's hard truths. "I've never seen anyone as talented as Frankie," says the 24-year-old. "So it's weird to think it could have been all over almost before it started. "Then again, you hear so many horror stories in boxing - strife with promoters, trainers or managers. <mask_1> People you can trust." You hear so many horror stories in boxing - strife with promoters, trainers or managers. It's a hard enough game without all that. Boxers are wont to blame everyone but themselves for their lack of progress. So it is refreshing to hear Gavin admitting his own mistakes and that he has taken steps to rectify them. Starting with getting the right people around him. People he can trust. <mask_1> "I thought all I had to do was box - pads, spar, pads, spar. But you've got to work on your weaknesses as well as your strengths. "Fighters I should have been smashing up I was having hard fights against, like Curtis Woodhouse. But when I went back to Birmingham my old amateur trainer, Tom Chaney, took over again. "He's like a father figure to me. He doesn't nag me for money if I don't pay him on time - he's not in it for money, he's in it for me." Head settled and body a temple once more, Gavin is now the British and Commonwealth welterweight champion and confident enough to be calling out Kell Brook and Amir Khan. DeGale, too, is "older and wiser". Free of hangers-on, less bombastic but painfully aware he remains lumbered with something of an image problem. "I learned a whole heap from my loss against George Groves," says DeGale of his only pro defeat, by his bitter domestic rival in 2011. <mask_1> Maybe I shouldn't have said that. <mask_1> Maybe it's just me being me. <mask_1> Ogogo may have his eyes wide open and both ears cocked - "James and Frankie have made mistakes I don't want to make" - but the chain of advice is unbroken from the time men first laced up gloves and the same mistakes get made. Over and over again. Proof that professional boxing isn't a sport, it isn't a business, it's a series of accidents - rather than mistakes - just waiting to happen. "I get a lot of stick," says DeGale, a former British and European super-middleweight champion and one or two fights away from a world title shot. "People telling me I'm greedy, that I'm always thinking about money, that I've messed up my career. But they don't understand. <mask_1> "I tell young fighters who train with me: 'Get in there, make some money and run.'" Which almost never happens. Not even if you turn up for your first day of work with a medal round your neck. "It's always there," says DeGale, "I'm always 'James Degale, Olympic champion'. But another Olympics comes around, new medallists arrive and they start taking the limelight." Leaving the old guard cynical and contorted, seemingly overnight.
2 February 2016 Last updated at 08:05 GMT <mask_1> Watch the video to find out what Japanese kids have for their lunch.
<mask_1> Humphreys has also played for Leicester Tigers and London Irish. "My body is telling me it's time to stop - I feel blessed to have enjoyed such a long career, the highlight of which is winning 100 Ulster caps." Humphreys has played eight times for Les Kiss' men this season, including four starts, and has scored two tries. "Throughout his rugby career, 'Mini Humph' has been one of the stand-out attacking 10s in European Rugby," said Ulster operations director Bryn Cunningham. "However, it is possibly his organisational and communication skills with players around him, often unseen by those watching, that made Ian such an influential person to have around the team." The former Ballymena Academy student enjoyed successful stints in England with Leicester (2005-2008) and London Irish (2012-2014).
<mask_1> Doncaster are currently bottom of the league, having failed to pick up a point from their opening four games. "She's an extremely exciting and talented young player," Belles manager Emma Coates told the club website.
Ed Joyce top-scored with 35 from 60 balls, sharing a third-wicket partnership of 55 with Niall O'Brien. Queensland are 137-5 in reply, with one further day's play to come on Tuesday. The fixture was arranged as preparation for Ireland's Intercontinental Cup game against Papua New Guinea, which begins in Townsville on Sunday. Ireland currently top the Intercontinental Cup table with maximum points from convincing wins in their matches against the UAE and Namibia. Openers William Porterfield and Paul Stirling were both dismissed cheaply, making only five, but the experienced pairing of Joyce and O'Brien led a fightback. Joyce plundered four fours and a six in his innings, while O'Brien struck four boundaries in a fluent 26. <mask_1> Gary Wilson and Stuart Poynter both made 18, with Andrew Balbirnie (0) and Stuart Thompson (4) falling in quick succession to leave Ireland reeling on 122 for 8, with Clontarf professional Mick Granger (2-53) accounting for Wilson and Thompson. Tim Murtagh made a solid 20 before he was dismissed by Andy McBrine (1-14) - both the Donemana all-rounder and George Dockrell were playing for the hosts. Indeed it was Dockrell (1-5) who brought the Irish innings to a close on 155 as he bowled Boyd Rankin for nine. Craig Young took an early wicket but a second wicket stand of 68 between Scott Henry (50) and Nick Stevens (33) put Queensland firmly in the ascendancy. Young came back to break the partnership, having Stevens well caught by Stirling. Former Australian Under-19 international Sam Truloff (9) became Boyd Rankin's (1-15) first wicket back in Irish colours as Ireland rallied late in the day. <mask_1>
They were signed by former manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in the summer of 2014. <mask_1> "They can look for pastures new," first team coach Paul Trollope told BBC Radio Wales Sport. "It's not an easy situation for them. They've shown a really good attitude and worked hard through pre-season. "They've been treated with respect and for all parties, if a solution is found, then it would suit." Macheda, 24, joined Cardiff from Manchester United in May 2014, and has scored six goals in 27 league games for the Bluebirds. <mask_1> He spent the whole of the 2015-16 campaign on loan at Wolves having been on loan at Bolton Wanderers during the previous season. Italian Macheda was on loan at Nottingham Forest last season, where he failed to score in three league appearances. Trollope, who succeeded Russell Slade as Cardiff boss in May, would not be drawn on his future with Wales' coaching team. Media playback is not supported on this device The 44-year-old is expected to leave Chris Coleman's staff to concentrate on his role with the Bluebirds. The former Fulham midfielder wants to add to his squad before the transfer window closes but did not reveal who is targets were. "I'm not getting involved in any names, whether we are or aren't looking," Trollope added. <mask_1> "We need the strength in depth, we need the quality and we need the attitude within the squad. "The emergency loan window no longer being at our disposal probably changes our thoughts a little bit in terms of having to finalise everything by the end of August."
<mask_1> Speaking from his cell, he told the BBC he would reveal "damaging allegations" about the group's financial conduct. GFH Capital said it could not comment on "general accusations". Mr Haigh, 36, was employed by GFH when it purchased Leeds United in December 2012 but resigned as an employee following the club's takeover in April. Speaking exclusively from the Dubai police cell, he claimed one allegation about GFH concerned the run-up to the purchase of Leeds United from Ken Bates for more than Â£17m in December 2012. <mask_1> <mask_1> "David shared its full contents with two senior figures at GFH in Bahrain who are thus aware of what it contains," Mr Monk added. Mr Haigh is accused of profiting from falsified invoices worth about Â£3m while at GFH Capital and prosecutors are investigating whether to press criminal charges. Mr Haigh returned to Dubai last month believing he was about to discuss a job offer with his former employer - only to be handed over to the police. He has now been detained, without charge, for more than a month. Dubai law states that if someone is suspected of cheating, a breach of trust or fraud they can be detained for as long as necessary, based on the complexities of the investigation. In his interview with the BBC, Mr Haigh was softly spoken but appeared extremely anxious. He said he felt "trapped", not by the UAE's legal system - with which he has no complaints - but by the lack of resources in the cell. The former managing director is one of about 40 detainees, all of whom are denied access to pens and have to share a single payphone. Mr Haigh said he was allowed very little time with his legal team in order to mount a defence and was particularly exasperated about his bail of about Â£3.5m - an amount he said he did not have. GFH Capital said it had no control over the criminal investigation being carried out by the Dubai authorities. <mask_1> One of his teeth is also causing him pain and he says he has to take medication to sleep. He continues to deny all of the charges but told the BBC he regretted "signing blank cheques" and allowing others to act on his behalf, prompted by his hectic travel schedule while working at GFH Capital. GFH Capital has previously categorically denied that it, or its lawyers, have behaved in any way inappropriately. The private equity company said it had absolute confidence in the legal systems of both Dubai and the UK, which are investigating the civil and criminal claims against Mr Haigh.
Child Soldiers International and ForcesWatch claim it costs the Ministry of Defence (MoD) twice as much to train a 16-year-old as it does an adult. That is due to longer training and a higher drop-out rate, they say. <mask_1> <mask_1> It said initial training for under-18s lasted either 23 or 50 weeks, depending on their chosen trade and where they were trained, whereas adult training takes 14 weeks. The calculations included £10,000 to recruit each person, irrespective of age. The other costs covered training, accommodation, meals, welfare, health, salary and other support per Army recruit in 2010-11. Army personnel can be deployed once they turn 18 - which the two groups said meant that "at any one time, approximately 150 soldiers are fully trained but too young to be deployed." They added that it costs approximately £2.65m to pay the salaries of these un-soldiers, which it said were each paid a salary of £17,690. The report said the drop-out rate for minors was 36.6% compared with 28.3% for adults, the report said. <mask_1> The report suggested taxpayers would save between £81.5m and £94m if all recruits were aged 18 and over. Its authors also say the UK is becoming "increasingly isolated" internationally in continuing with the practice - no other country in Europe recruits from such a young age - and are calling on the MoD to raise the Army recruitment age to 18. David Gee, of ForcesWatch, said recruiting under-18s into the Army was "a practice from a bygone era". "It's not just young recruits who pay the price for outdated MoD policies - taxpayers do too," he said. "And so does the Army when it finds itself undermanned on the front line because so many minors have dropped out of training." An MoD spokesman said it continued "to actively recruit across all age groups". "As part of our duty of care to our recruits, no young person under the age of 18 years may join our armed forces without the formal written consent of their parent or guardian," he added. "There are currently no plans to revisit the government's recruitment policy for under-18s, which is fully compliant with United Nations conventions." One former serviceman said that joining the armed forces as a teenager was "a good thing for young people". Jason Hardick, from Maidenhead, Berkshire, told the BBC: "It gives you self-confidence, self-discipline and a certain self-determination.  You never want to fail, you always want to move forward." He joined two weeks after his 16th birthday, and stayed for 10 years, only leaving to get married. <mask_1>
Media playback is not supported on this device Kyle Good put the Irish ahead in the first minute but the French hit back with goals from Jean-Laurent Keiffer and Gaspard Baumgarten. Peter Caruth equalised with a rebound finish and Jonathan Bruton's shot sneaked across the line to make it 3-2 before Shane O'Donoghue added a fourth. Simon Brisac Martin pulled one back but Ireland held on for the points. Good gave Ireland the perfect start in the Pool B encounter at Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, netting just seconds into the game. Irish keeper Davy Harte made a good save to deny Martin before Keiffer redirected a powerful shot into the net four minutes before half-time. France moved in front within seconds of the restart with Baumgarten firing high past Harte. Caruth followed up his shot to convert the rebound while goalline technology was required to confirm Bruton had indeed scored Ireland's third goal. <mask_1> <mask_1> "It was a good win and we played well in phases," said Ireland coach Craig Fulton. "France are a very attacking team and scored some good goals. The result was important for us but we need to improve in every game and we're keen to do that."
Media playback is not supported on this device <mask_1> He suffered a head trauma when he fell from his horse at the World Young Horse Championships in France in October. "I felt maybe Rio was selfish but it gave me a kick into action," he said. "I did think I'd been doing it for 32 years, did I need to carry on doing it?" he told BBC Sport. But Fox-Pitt, who won Olympic team silver in Athens 2004 and London 2012 and team bronze in Beijing in 2008, said "an individual title would be marvellous". "I think if I did win a medal my wife would make me give up. Media playback is not supported on this device "I've been around a long time, I'm 47 and I'm hoping my wife thinks this will be my last Olympics. I'm not ruling myself out for Tokyo, if it happens brilliant. "The Rio goal was a great drive personally, it gave me a good reason to get back", before adding of his ride: "I didn't want to let Chilli Morning down, I put everything into getting selected." Fox-Pitt was competing at Le Lion-d'Angers when he fell from Reinstated, which was unharmed. <mask_1> <mask_1> "It's been an incredible journey, I've had incredible support." Meanwhile world, European and Olympic champion Charlotte Dujardin will ride with fellow 2012 gold medallist Carl Hester in the dressage. London gold medallist Nick Skelton goes to his seventh Games in the jumping. <mask_1> Younger brother Michael Whitaker, who also won silver in 1984, is heading to his fifth Olympic Games. <mask_1> There are two Olympic debuts in the dressage as Spencer Wilton and 2015 European team silver medallist Fiona Bigwood earn selection. Squad: Eventing: William Fox-Pitt, Kitty King, Gemma Tattersall, Izzy Taylor, reserve: Pippa Funnell MBE Dressage: Fiona Bigwood, Charlotte Dujardin OBE, Carl Hester MBE, Spencer Wilton, reserve: Lara Griffith Jumping: Ben Maher MBE, Nick Skelton OBE, John Whitaker MBE, Michael Whitaker, reserve: Jessica Mendoza
The chairman of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) inquiry made the announcement during a preliminary hearing at Stormont, outlining its work. Sir Patrick Coghlin said his inquiry will investigate failings in the scheme "wherever accountability may lie". No time limit has been placed on the scheme to produce a conclusion, the retired Court of Appeal judge added. He said he "will insist" that the inquiry has "complete independence" and it will carry out its work "without fear or favour and free from any external pressures". The public and the media must understand that the inquiry is a "fact-finding exercise" and not an "adversarial trial", Sir Patrick said. Statutory notices requiring production of documents have already been served on 125 bodies such as government departments. Notices requiring witnesses statements have also been served. <mask_1> Sir Patrick said another public session could be held in June, when further information about the inquiry timetable may be announced. The green scheme was set up in 2012 to encourage businesses and other non-domestic users to move from using fossil fuels to renewable heating systems. In what has been dubbed the "cash-for-ash" scandal, the flawed scheme meant users could legitimately earn more cash the more fuel they burned. The inquiry was announced in January by the then finance minister Máirtín Ó Muilleoir. <mask_1> Cost controls have now been introduced for the current financial year. <mask_1> The fallout was cited as one of the reasons for Sinn Féin withdrawing from devolved government and forcing the recent Northern Ireland Assembly election. The party has said it will not share power with Arlene Foster as Democratic Unionist Party leader until the inquiry has fully investigated her role. <mask_1> She has said she expects to be vindicated. Meanwhile, some recipients of the RHI subsidy have said cuts to tariff rates have had a significant impact on their business. The changes were applied from April, but a usage cap means some people who borrowed tens of thousands of pounds to put in a boiler are receiving no subsidy payments and are struggling to repay the banks. A group of about 500 boiler owners is going to court in an attempt to have the new reduced tariffs set aside. They say they signed up to a government scheme in good faith and they had factored in the promised subsidy payments to bank loans.
Police had attended the alert after a suspicious object was discovered at Butcher Gate shortly after 23:30 BST on Friday. It was later declared a hoax. During the clearance operation, fireworks and petrol bombs were thrown at police in the Fahan Street area.  There were no injuries reported. <mask_1>
The PSNI in Ards posted a Facebook message saying a woman had contacted police about the notice which they confirmed was a fraud. It features a CPS Enforcement Northern Ltd label and claims the vehicle holder was parked on "private property". The PSNI has urged the public to let family and friends know about the scam. <mask_1> It also urges the public not to respond or click on any links in the email "as these can infect your device". "Please note any notices from us are always sent via post," it adds.
The 22-year-old, who is on a five-year contract at White Hart Lane until 2020, said: "I'm ready to give my best to help the club achieve its aims." N'Jie scored seven goals for the Ligue 1 side last season and has netted six in 10 appearances for Cameroon. His arrival follows the departure of Spain striker Roberto Soldado to Villarreal. <mask_1>
Bobby Grant's early penalty was a dent to the Blades' hopes, which rested on them beating Coventry and Town losing. Curtis Nelson drilled in to level for Oxford, which is how it remained until Ashley Eastham's powerful header put Fleetwood back in front late on. David Ball fired into the top corner with three minutes to go to seal it. Uwe Rosler's side are third after the win, seven points behind second-placed Bolton with five games to play. Oxford, who lost in the Checkatrade Trophy final at Wembley on Sunday, are 10th and seven points off the play-off places. <mask_1> <mask_1> Attempt blocked. Curtis Nelson (Oxford United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Corner,  Fleetwood Town. Conceded by Cheyenne Dunkley. Attempt missed. Marvin Johnson (Oxford United) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Foul by Jack Sowerby (Fleetwood Town). <mask_1> Corner,  Oxford United. Conceded by Nathan Pond. Corner,  Fleetwood Town. Conceded by Canice Carroll. Attempt blocked. David Ball (Fleetwood Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Goal!  <mask_1> David Ball (Fleetwood Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by George Glendon. Substitution, Fleetwood Town. Jack Sowerby replaces Ashley Hunter. <mask_1> Marvin Johnson (Oxford United) wins a free kick on the left wing. Amari'i Bell (Fleetwood Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Canice Carroll (Oxford United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Amari'i Bell (Fleetwood Town). Substitution, Oxford United. Kane Hemmings replaces Chris Maguire. Substitution, Fleetwood Town. Nathan Pond replaces Kyle Dempsey. Goal!  <mask_1> Ashley Eastham (Fleetwood Town) header from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Bobby Grant. <mask_1> Foul by Liam Sercombe (Oxford United). Attempt missed. Antonio Martínez (Oxford United) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. <mask_1> Canice Carroll (Oxford United) wins a free kick on the left wing. <mask_1> Foul by Antonio Martínez (Oxford United). Substitution, Oxford United. Antonio Martínez replaces Josh Ruffels. Attempt blocked. Cian Bolger (Fleetwood Town) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Conor McLaughlin (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Marvin Johnson (Oxford United). Chris Maguire (Oxford United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. <mask_1> <mask_1> Attempt missed. Josh Ruffels (Oxford United) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Attempt saved. Amari'i Bell (Fleetwood Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. <mask_1> Foul by Cheyenne Dunkley (Oxford United). Ben Davies (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick on the right wing. <mask_1>
Officers are searching a residential address in north-west London where they say a 60-year-old man was detained. Mr Hussain has lived in the UK since 1991, saying his life would be at risk if he returned to Pakistan. His party, which controls Karachi, has urged supporters to stay calm amid outbreaks of violence there. <mask_1> Shootings have been reported from some parts of Pakistan's largest city, which BBC correspondents say is tense. Traffic jams were reported in Karachi and other cities in Sindh province as businesses closed and people headed home fearing violence. One man in the city, who gave his name as Tahir, told the BBC that MQM supporters were firing guns in the streets and setting fire to any shops which remained open. Another, Nabil, said there had been "turmoil" and "massive confusion" about whether Altaf Hussain had been arrested or not. Karachi in fear after Altaf Hussain arrest Pakistan's powerful but absent politician Karachi has been wracked by violence - much of it politically motivated. Security is being tightened around the British mission in the city, which has been closed temporarily, and other buildings. A Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) spokesman in London, Nadeem Nusrat, confirmed the arrest and urged its supporters to "maintain peace at all costs". "The police arrived with a search warrant and wanted to question Mr Hussain regarding allegations of money laundering," he said in a statement. Mr Hussain had been "very unwell" for the past few days and was getting ready to go to hospital when the police arrived, the statement added. Police later confimed that Mr Hussain had been escorted to a hospital appointment while still in custody. <mask_1> Remarkably he has led the party from London for over 20 years for fear that going back home could result in legal cases or a physical threat to his security. <mask_1> For years the British authorities tolerated the MQM being based in London. In fact British diplomats sought to take advantage of the situation by trying to influence the party to help achieve British objectives in Pakistan. But the mood changed when a senior MQM party member Imran Farooq was murdered in London in 2010. Mr Hussain, his party, and some of his associates and relatives are currently the subject of a number of British investigations. <mask_1> Another is into whether the MQM has paid its UK taxes correctly. The most high-profile investigation followed the 2010 murder in London of a senior MQM leader Imran Farooq. No-one has been formally charged with his killing. <mask_1>
<mask_1> Although this species was widespread at the time, scientists have largely had to rely on incomplete fossils. <mask_1> The skeleton is too small and fragile, and the rocks around it too hard, to allow it to be studied by conventional means. In addition, the rock matrix in which the fossil is preserved contains trapped minerals which prevented it from being scanned in a standard CT scanner. The specimen was discovered in a stream bed on a farm in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa by palaeontologist Billy de Klerk. "There's still a lot we don't know about early plant-eating dinosaurs," said Prof Jonah Choiniere from the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa. "We need new specimens like this one and new technology like the synchrotron to fill in those gaps." Prof Choiniere, along with Dr Vincent Fernandez, from the ESRF (European Synchrotron), scanned the specimen with high-powered X-rays to understand how the species, Heterodontosaurus tucki, ate, moved, and breathed. Scanning the fist-sized skull might allow the scientists to perform a 3D reconstruction of the animal's brain, offering insights into its lifestyle - including its sense of smell, and whether it was capable of complex behaviours. The scientists think the diminutive dinosaur used its back teeth to grind down plant food. In other animals with similar anatomy, this requires the teeth to be replaced due to wear and tear. The team members said they can now begin testing this theory and others regarding the dinosaur's biology and behaviour. Follow Paul on Twitter.
He was in charge when the programme dropped an investigation into disgraced TV presenter and DJ Jimmy Savile. Mr Rippon will help to build a public record of the corporation's television and radio journalism over 80 years. BBC Online and Future Media's chief operating officer Andy Conroy described the post as an "exciting opportunity". "It is a significant challenge that requires an experienced leader and editor, and I'm delighted that Peter will be joining us to develop the BBC's Journal of Record," said Mr Conroy. <mask_1> However, with more than 80 years of journalism, the aim is to make more of the BBC News archive available to the public. <mask_1> <mask_1> Mr Rippon, who took the helm of Newsnight in 2008, takes up the new post in London on 25 February. After the publication of a blog post in October 2012 explaining his editorial decision to drop the Savile investigation was found to have factual errors, Mr Rippon was asked to "step aside" while an inquiry was held. His deputy Liz Gibbons was acting editor when Newsnight aired a story that led to former senior Conservative politician Lord McAlpine being falsely accused of sex crimes. She also subsequently stepped aside and was told that she would be moved to another job, although the BBC has not yet confirmed in what capacity. Former BBC Radio 5 live boss Adrian Van Klaveren was part of a temporary management team that approved the programme and has been moved after a BBC review. He is now overseeing the corporation's coverage of the 100th anniversary of World War I and Jonathan Wall succeeds him at the helm of 5 live. The former Director of BBC News responsible for flagship programmes like Today, Newsnight, Question Time and Panorama, Helen Boaden, takes on the role of Director of Radio starting on 15 April.
The winger, who re-joined the club over the summer, rifled a 20-yard drive into the top left corner of the goal after 54 minutes to cancel out Cameron Burgess' early opener. Latics were reduced to 10 men four minutes after Hall's strike when Ousmane Fane fouled Marvin Johnson and was sent off for his second yellow card. And later, Oxford boss Michael Appleton and a member of Oldham's coaching staff were both sent from the dug-out for remonstrating over a booking. On-loan Fulham centre-half Burgess fired Oldham in front in the 10th minute. Keeper Simon Eastwood failed to collect Ollie Banks' free-kick, and the ball ran loose for Burgess to knock into an empty net from five yards. Almost immediately, Kane Hemmings should have levelled as he slid in to meet Chris Maguire's cross, but diverted the ball over the net from four yards. Oxford dominated the second half and Connor Ripley saved well from Chris Maguire, Marvin Johnson twice and Chey Dunkley as Latics held out for a point under severe pressure. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Oxford United 1, Oldham Athletic 1. Second Half ends, Oxford United 1, Oldham Athletic 1. <mask_1> Conceded by Cameron Burgess. <mask_1> Ryan Taylor replaces Kane Hemmings. Connor Ripley (Oldham Athletic) is shown the yellow card. <mask_1> Conceded by Charles Dunne. Attempt missed. Marvin Johnson (Oxford United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Substitution, Oldham Athletic. Brian Wilson replaces Ryan McLaughlin. Attempt missed. Chris Maguire (Oxford United) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. <mask_1> Tyler Roberts replaces Robert Hall. <mask_1> Foul by Ryan McLaughlin (Oldham Athletic). Foul by Cheyenne Dunkley (Oxford United). Lee Erwin (Oldham Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. <mask_1> Foul by Lee Erwin (Oldham Athletic). Attempt missed. Robert Hall (Oxford United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Ryan McLaughlin (Oldham Athletic) is shown the yellow card for dangerous play. <mask_1> Foul by Ryan McLaughlin (Oldham Athletic). Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match  (Oxford United). Attempt missed. John Lundstram (Oxford United) right footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. <mask_1> Conceded by Connor Ripley. Attempt saved. <mask_1> <mask_1> Conceded by Connor Ripley. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Attempt missed. Marvin Johnson (Oxford United) right footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. <mask_1> Josh Ruffels replaces Alexander MacDonald. <mask_1> Conceded by Connor Ripley. Attempt saved. Chris Maguire (Oxford United) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom right corner. Substitution, Oldham Athletic. Lee Croft replaces Ryan Flynn. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Foul by John Lundstram (Oxford United). Paul Green (Oldham Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Robert Hall (Oxford United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Oliver Banks (Oldham Athletic) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. <mask_1>
"You know if you don't want to entice a rapist, don't wear high heels so you can't run from him," she said, in an interview in the Sunday Times. The Pretenders singer, 63, said she takes "full responsibility" after she was sexually assaulted aged 21 in Ohio. "If I'm walking around in my underwear and I'm drunk. Who else's fault can it be?" Hynde told Krissi Murison. In her recently completed autobiography, Reckless, Hynde recounts how she was forced to perform sexual acts on members of an Ohio motorcycle gang who had promised to take her to a party, but instead took her to an abandoned house. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Come on! That's just common sense." "I don't think I am saying anything controversial, am I?" she concluded. Dismissive response <mask_1> Lucy Hastings, director of Victim Support, said: "Victims of sexual violence should never feel or be made to feel that they were responsible for the appalling crime they suffered - regardless of circumstances or factors which may have made them particularly vulnerable. "They should not blame themselves or be blamed for failing to prevent an attack - often they will have been targeted by predatory offenders who are responsible for their actions." The response on Twitter was equally dismissive. "Chrissie Hynde has completely destroyed her feminist legacy in one ignorant, appalling statement", tweeted Andrew. Dear Chrissie Hynde. NOTHING ever justifies the rape or sexual assault of a woman. It's the abusers fault only. Love. A Man", tweeted Antony. "Thing about rapists is that they're rapists. They don't care what victims wear. Their impulse is to rape. They're rapists. Chrissie Hynde", wrote Jill. But there was also some sympathy. <mask_1> I feel v sorry for her tbh", tweeted Stephanie. <mask_1> Imagine blaming y/self for sthg so awful for so long."
<mask_1> The software developer from Bedlington, Northumberland, aims to complete the route across 14 countries in 100 days. Money raised will go to two charities: the Children's Foundation and the Sir Bobby Robson Foundation. Mr Allison set off from Tynemouth in the motor home that will be his support base for the duration of the challenge, and will take the ferry from Portsmouth to Santander in Spain on Tuesday. "This run is a big step up for me in terms of distance and especially elevation," he said. "I'm looking forward to actually getting started and putting all the preparation into effect. "But knowing there are 9,000ft climbs like the Stelvio Pass and 15 Tour de France climbs ahead of me is daunting."
Molly-Mae Wotherspoon, aged six months, was attacked by a pit bull in October at the Daventry home of her mother Claire Riley. Ms Riley and the baby's grandmother, Susan Aucott, have been charged with owning a dangerously out of control dog resulting in a death. Ms Riley did not appear before Northampton magistrates due to illness. The baby died as a result of blood loss from head wounds inflicted by an American pit bull following an attack at an address on Morning Star Road on 3 October. The breed is prohibited for ownership under the 1991 Dangerous Dogs Act. Ms Aucott, 55, of Alfred Street in Northampton, appeared before magistrates but did not not enter a plea. She was remanded on bail and is due to appear at Northampton Crown Court on 7 October. <mask_1> She was remanded on bail in her absence.
Jordan Kemlo, 18, admitted carrying out the Peterhead sexual assaults between 2011 and 2014. At the High Court in Edinburgh, Lord Burns ordered Kemlo to be supervised for five years following his release from custody. <mask_1> Defence advocate Drew McKenzie told the court: "He did express that he is remorseful and that what he did to this boy was wrong."
Gloria Ristesund, 62, said she used J&J talc-based powder products on her genitals for decades. The company - which faces about 1,200 similar claims - insists its products are safe and says it will appeal. Researchers say links with ovarian cancer are unproven. In February, Johnson & Johnson paid $72m (£51m) in a similar case. Ms Ristesund was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2011 and had to undergo a hysterectomy and related surgeries. Her cancer is now in remission. Following a three-week trial in a Missouri state court, she was awarded $5m in compensatory damages and $50m in punitive damages. Jere Beasley, whose firm represents Ms Ristesund, said his client was gratified with the verdict. The jury's decision should "end the litigation", he said, and force J&J to settle the remaining cases. Analysis: James Gallagher, health editor, BBC news website Is talc safe? <mask_1> But the evidence is not conclusive. The International Agency for Research on Cancer classifies talc used on the genitals as "possibly carcinogenic" because of the mixed evidence. Why is there any debate? <mask_1> However, asbestos-free talc has been used in baby powder and other cosmetics since the 1970s. But the studies on asbestos-free talc give contradictory results. <mask_1> Other studies have argued there is no link at all and there is no link between talc in contraceptives such as diaphragms and condoms (which would be close to the ovaries) and cancer. <mask_1> <mask_1> But it adds: "Ovarian cancer is a rare disease, and increasing a small risk by a third still gives a small risk. So even if talc does increase the risk slightly, very few women who use talc will ever get ovarian cancer." A J&J spokeswoman said the verdict contradicted 30 years of research supporting the safety of cosmetic talc. Carol Goodrich said the company intends to appeal and will keep defending its products' safety. The case follows another one in February, in which Johnson & Johnson was ordered to pay $72m to the family of a woman who claimed her death was linked to use of the company's Baby Powder talc. Jackie Fox from Birmingham, Alabama died of ovarian cancer last year, aged 62, having used the talc for decades. Her family argued that the firm knew of talc risks and failed to warn users. J&J is appealing against that verdict, which sparked renewed interest in talc-powder lawsuits. <mask_1> There are 1,200 other cases pending. J&J shares were down 18 cents in after-hours trading to $112.57.
The Welsh Ambulance Service said it responded to reports a pedestrian was struck as she ran into the carriageway after a dog that had got loose. The incident happened at about 18:20 BST near Cardiff Gate and the woman was pronounced dead at the scene. The motorway remains closed westbound between junctions 29 and 32 as police investigate. <mask_1>
The five-foot tall (1.5m) models of the Oscar-winning animated characters will be painted by artists to raise cash for the Wallace and Gromit's Grand Appeal. It aims to raise funds for Bristol's Children's Hospital through sponsorship and a charity auction afterwards. Wallace and Gromit creator Nick Park said he was very pleased with the end result. "They were made surprisingly quickly and I'm very particular exactly how Gromit looks and that he's in character," he said. "The guy that did it made the original sculpture from the clay models in polystyrene and then a mould was made, and now they've been cast in fibreglass." Each model will be sent out to either a national or international artist who will paint them in whatever style they choose. <mask_1> <mask_1> "I hope people will get behind it and support Gromit." Wallace and Gromit's Grand Appeal was formed 17 years ago after a public charity appeal to build a new children's hospital enlisted the help of Bristol-based animation studio, Aardman Animations.
It also criticised those parties engaging in "fear tactics" at a time when it says the union is safe. The party launched its assembly election manifesto on Tuesday. Deputy leader Dr John Kyle said Stormont had become "dysfunctional". He added: "They are not tackling the real issues, the crisis in the health service, problems in the education system, housing waiting lists are increasing. "A lot of those crucial social and economic issues are not being dealt with because of playing party politics and we have now retreated into a cultural war between the two largest parties." Dr Kyle, who is one of three PUP candidates standing in the election, also questioned the tactics being used by the DUP. "To frighten people into feeling that if you don't vote in a certain way, then we will end up in a united Ireland is frankly dishonest," he said. The manifesto - entitled Country Before Party - sets out the PUP's six commitments across health, education, the economy and housing. They include reducing the suicide rate to zero through crisis intervention, ending the educational underachievement in working class areas, increase support for start up businesses and renewing town and city centres. <mask_1> He added Northern Ireland's "journey has to be about facing the future and not the past". <mask_1> "People think that to reduce the number of MLAs cuts the expense that's involved at Stormont, but the fewer MLAs the less the smaller groups are represented or heard, so that is detrimental to a healthy society, " Dr Kyle said.
Dawn McKenzie, 34, was stabbed by the 13-year-old in her home in Hamilton in 2011. The inquiry into her death heard the boy had watched footage of his older siblings brandishing knives before he went to stay with the McKenzie family. The same video showed them drinking alcohol with a gang's logo behind them. <mask_1> <mask_1> Mr Lorimer, who is now a team leader within Glasgow City Council's social work department, told the inquiry that this had been a "a terrible outcome" for the boy, who stabbed Mrs McKenzie seven months later. The boy was detained for seven years in 2012 after admitting culpable homicide on the grounds of diminished responsibility. Mr Lorimer said both the boy and his two sisters had been "extremely affected and damaged" from their experiences before going into care. The inquiry also heard that another boy threatened the teenager with a knife while he was staying with the foster couple prior to the McKenzies, and that the incident was reported to police. Following this, the boy was not happy that his foster carers did not let him go outside to play. He was quoted at the inquiry as having said: "Maybe the only way it will go away is if I deal with it myself. If I fight him and beat him he will back off." <mask_1> But said he did not think the incident, that had taken place when the child was aged about 12, was very serious. The inquiry in Motherwell continues.
<mask_1> In a report handed to the IOC, Terre des Hommes details a 103% increase in police killings compared to 2015. The IOC is considering recommendations made in the report. The Rio Games saw 85,000 police staff employed around the city - double the number used at London 2012 - and it led to 90% of tourists rating security as "good" or "excellent". However, the report - Breaking Records - found evidence of a process of "cleaning" the streets of homeless children, as well as numerous effects resulting from the eviction of 22,000 families between 2009 and 2015 to clear space for the Games. "Our research reveals human rights violations of youth and children in Rio, ranging from police killings, harsh police repression of protests and an alarming increase of police violence against adolescents in street situation," said Andrea Florence, author of the report. Renata Neder of Amnesty International Brazil said: "The Olympics were a missed opportunity for public security in Rio de Janeiro. "We documented a number of violations by security forces, especially a significant increase in the number of people killed by the police and a violent repression of protests." Specific findings in the report include: Terre des Hommes called on the IOC to implement measures for future Olympic Games, such as including obligations to comply with international children's rights standards in the host city contract for 2024. It wants the IOC to communicate with the Rio 2016 local organising committee and Brazilian authorities to ensure they have taken "all appropriate measures related to violations of child rights". This includes ensuring victims have access to legal advice and that "individual cases are duly investigated, with access to remedy and compensation". <mask_1> "Only then will the Games will have a chance to create a better world for generations to come." <mask_1> An IOC statement to BBC Sport added: "Where cases are identified - and clearly related to the staging of the Olympic Games - the IOC has a long-standing commitment to follow-up on those issues. "The IOC can only act on issues that are directly linked to the organisation of the Olympic Games."
Eight engines and 40 firefighters were called out to the Hampton by Hilton Hotel in Corby at about 15:45 GMT on Saturday. <mask_1> The service said all the guests had been relocated and crews had returned to base by Sunday morning. The cause of the fire, at the Rockingham Leisure Park on Princewood Road, is being investigated. The hotel's duty manager said she was unable to provide any further details about the fire, but confirmed the hotel was closed.
He equalled the record when he scored the first goal in the FA Cup third round tie against Reading. Sir Bobby Charlton played for Manchester United 758 times between 1956 and 1973. In that time he won the League title three times, the European Cup and the World Cup with England. <mask_1>
Smokers will be prescribed with nicotine replacement patches to help them cope during their stay at affected hospital sites, but e-cigarettes will not be allowed. Staff were already banned from smoking within the grounds but there were smoking shelters for patients. The changes, adopted by other Welsh boards, was approved on Tuesday. Ahead of the meeting, Dr Sharon Hopkins, public health director of Cardiff and Vale University Health Board, said the proposals had been 18 months in the planning because officials recognised a ban would "not be easy and patients and the public would have to be supported". She added: "We recognise that this has potential issues and have taken actions to address this. "There is no point us saying that you can't smoke on our sites full stop - we have to make sure that we are able to support people with their addiction." <mask_1> <mask_1> "We know from evidence elsewhere that a total ban is much more likely to decrease the number of cigarettes people smoke and that they are much more likely to try and quit," she said. E-cigarettes will also be banned because while they are being promoted as aids to stopping smoking Dr Sian Griffiths of the health board's public health team claimed there was little evidence to suggest they worked. Nicotine therapy will be used instead. The changes come into force from 1 October.
Farid Khan was stripped naked by the crowd, beaten and dragged through streets before being hanged in Dimapur, the main city in Nagaland state. Police officers opened fire to try to stop the mob, wounding several people. <mask_1> The Hindustan Times newspaper reports that the crowd "tore down two gates and took custody" of the suspect, before dragging him to the town's landmark clock tower. Police say the man was a Bengali-speaking Muslim trader from neighbouring Assam state. He was arrested in February on charges of rape. There have been recurring tensions in some parts of north-eastern India between Bengali speakers, accused of being immigrants from neighbouring Bangladesh, and local ethnic groups. Local groups began protests on Wednesday demanding action against the alleged rapist. Vigilante justice is not unheard of in India but it is rarely seen on this scale. A curfew has been imposed in Dimapur following incidents of arson in some parts of the city. <mask_1> The documentary features an interview with one of the men sentenced to death for the attack. His lack of remorse and suggestions that the victim might have survived if she had not resisted has drawn international outrage and sparked protests across India. The film was broadcast in the UK on Wednesday night.
<mask_1> He used his firm, Skyviews R Us Ltd, as a cover for the operation described as "off the scale" by the judge. Wright, of Toad Hall, Selby, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to import cocaine at the Old Bailey. The court heard Wright would collect the drugs, which had been bought in Amsterdam by gang member Jamie Williams, from Kassel airport in Hesse, Germany, before flying back to Breighton Airfield in Selby, North Yorkshire. <mask_1> The gang used several literary references aside from W E Johns fictional pilot Biggles, including Ginger - his companion - and Skippy <mask_1> Wright was paid £1,500 per kilo he imported while "trusted lieutenant" Williams was paid £12,000 plus expenses for his involvement. Wright's barrister, Tom Gent, said his client became involved in the operation following the death of his wife's son in 2013. "He lost focus on his business. For many years he and his wife had run a legitimate business in aerial photography. He took his eye off the ball and ran into financial difficulties." Dowling, of Surman Crescent, in Brentwood, Essex, was jailed for 24 years. Williams, of Romford, Havering, received a 23-year jail term. Both men had pleaded guilty to their part in the drug smuggling plot between 1 September and 18 November, 2014. Williams also admitted separate drugs, firearms and money laundering offences. Mick Maloney, from the National Crime Agency, said: "This crime group ran an organised operation, utilising the piloting skills of Andrew Wright to import large amounts of cocaine. "With valuable help from our colleagues in the Metropolitan Police, North Yorkshire Police, Border Force and the authorities in Germany we have dismantled a significant criminal enterprise."
<mask_1> Balotelli signed on free transfer from Liverpool in August 2016, two years after a £16m move to Anfield. The ex-Manchester City striker has also scored 13 goals in 33 appearances for Italy but has not played for the national side since the 2014 World Cup.
Over the last three years, Zimbabwe's 89-year-old leader has become an unlikely fashion icon for the designer label House of Gushungo. "This is the most valuable T-shirt I can wear," 28-year-old Liberty Mangwiro, resplendent in his black R G Mugabe top, tells me as he walks to his car in a smart business district of Harare. "It represents the man who stands for what he believes in Africa." <mask_1> <mask_1> "It's an intellectual property which we have to maintain. We have allowed every Jack and Jill to do what they like about the whole thing," Zanu-PF spokesman Rugare Gumbo tells the BBC, while President Mugabe in a suit and tie looks down on him from a portrait on his office wall. "The main reason why the brand is so popular is that he is a highly intellectual leader," he says. "But we want to control it to make sure whoever is going to use it will have to pay something. So we are going to restrict it as a party," he says. Sales have been slowly growing for Yedu Nesu, the company behind the House of Gushungo, though it is reluctant to discuss profits made so far. T-shirts, costing between $10 (£6.50) and $15, umbrellas, berets and even sports clothes bearing the liberation leader's signature sold out at a stall in Gweru during the Zanu-PF conference in December. <mask_1> Robert Mugabe: The survivor <mask_1> Justin Matenda, Yedu Nesu's chief executive, says the Zanu-PF leader himself gave the blessing for the signature branding when asked - and has no shares in the venture. "He was overwhelmed," said the 29-year-old businessman, who heads a three-man team. They design and market the products and outsource the manufacturing. <mask_1> "The president does not want to make money," said Mr Matenda, explaining that the understanding was that once the fashion company began to make a profit, some of it would go a humanitarian cause. Zanu-PF may see the label as a way to woo urban young trendy voters as it traditionally garners most of its support in rural areas. <mask_1> Appealing to voters born after independence in 1980, when Mr Mugabe came to power, and who did not experience life under white-minority rule, is a challenge for Zanu-PF. At the moment it is mainly middle-aged people who can be spotted in Harare sporting the R G Mugabe clothes line. <mask_1> "It's an attempt to seduce the young, first-time voters who are believed to be almost a million - a very big number considering Zimbabwe's voting population." But he said he did not think the designer clothes would make any difference to the way people vote. "No amount of fashion labels will save him in the next election." Youth appeal is also the goal for House of Gushungo. Saint Mahaka, the label's designer, gives an insight into their strategy. "The young guys are into fashion. They talk about label, label, label... he [Mugabe] is already a brand himself. "We decided, there is Versace, there is Polo, there is Tommy Hilfiger, people are putting on these labels, but don't know who they are and what the story is. "We know President Mugabe's story, we know who he is. "And those who resonate with his story and what he stands for - there is something only for the older guys but for the young guys as well." Moses Donsa-Nkomo, who teaches intellectual property law at the University of Zimbabwe, says Yedu Nesu may risk a political backlash if it attempts to register the brand without permission from Zanu-PF. <mask_1> While many people accuse Mr Mugabe of wrecking what was once one of Africa's most diversified economies, his supporters argue that he is standing up for the rights of black Zimbabweans against the powers of colonialism - and the designer clothes are part of that battle. "We all came from families that went through the liberation struggle," says Mr Matenda. "Our upbringing has been mentored by the concept and principles of empowerment and upholding the ideals of black Zimbabweans," he said. "We are just there to propel his identity, to maintain his legacy."
Following Saturday's 4-0 home defeat against Bournemouth, Robins, 44, met with the board and it was agreed he would leave his post. <mask_1> Former Coventry boss Robins took over from Simon Grayson in February 2013. He helped the Terriers avoid relegation in his first season and guided the club to a 17th-place finish last term. However, the club won just two of their last 13 league games in a 2013-14 campaign that finished with a total of 23 defeats. Following Saturday's loss at the John Smith's Stadium, the former Rotherham and Barnsley boss was jeered by the fans. Huddersfield chairman Dean Hoyle commented: "Mark has put his all into the job over the past 16 months and has made a big contribution to the club." Assistant manager Steve Thompson will take charge of the team during Sunday's training session, along with first-team coach Steve Eyre. Thompson, 49, joined Huddersfield from Blackpool in June this year and Eyre was promoted the same month following a shake-up of Robins' backroom staff in May.
Having banked the biggest cheque of his career as Scottish open runner-up, a tie for fifth at the Open at Royal Troon earned him a further £235,557. He now heads for Springfield, New Jersey for the US PGA in 10 days' time. Hatton admits he still needs to work on keeping a cool head, saying: "It's something I needed to get better at and I'm slowly getting there." His finish at Troon was the best by an Englishman at the Open since Ian Poulter and Lee Westwood tied for third behind Phil Mickelson at Muirfield three years ago. He acknowledges, however, that his emotions can still get the better of him on the course. "The fire is still burning inside and I'll show that from time to time," said 24-year-old Hatton, from Marlow, who plays at Harleyford. "I try my best not to, but I'm only human, and I'm going to make mistakes every now and then. "I'm so passionate about wanting to do well, and sometimes that just overspills." As well as the support of his father, who is his coach, this year's change of caddie, when he brought in the calming influence of a new bagman in Chris Rice, has been a big factor. <mask_1> "We make a good team. He's helped me a lot." As well as earning 429,468 Euros at Castle Stuart, prior to moving on to Troon, he also secured a place in the field for the USPGA for the second year running, giving him a chance to build on last year's tie for 25th at Whistling Straits. "I can't wait," Hatton told BBC Sport. "I really enjoyed my time at Whistling Straits. <mask_1> <mask_1> Hatton's surge in form also means he is now within reach of a Ryder Cup place, but after the USPGA his main interest is the holiday he has planned afterwards in New York with his girlfriend. Aside from a double bogey on the par-five 4th on the second day, Hatton only dropped four other shots all week at Troon, fewer than champion Henrik Stenson. "My best performances are on links courses," points out Hatton, who had not previously made the Open cut in four attempts. "I played a lot of links as an amateur. When conditions get tough, I can grind out a decent score and thankfully my short game helped me out and was the reason why I finished as well as I have. "I holed a lot of putts out there. That was the only downside from the previous three rounds but this time the big thing was the par putts I holed. <mask_1> <mask_1> The only blip was on 11, but that was the hardest hole on the course." We've launched a new BBC Sport newsletter, bringing all the best stories, features and video right to your inbox. You can sign up here.
Gilbert Corette, 45, admitted the manslaughter of his mother, 81-year-old Florise Corette, last month. He also admitted causing grievous bodily harm to his sister on the grounds of diminished responsibility. <mask_1> Corette, of Manor Avenue, Brockley, south London, was given a hospital order and restriction order with no time limit to protect the public. <mask_1> The court was told the supermarket shelf-stacker was sectioned in March 2015 and admitted to Ladywell Unit located at Lewisham Hospital. The specialist unit for patients with mental health disorders is managed by South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust. In July his condition and behaviour was judged to have become more stable and he was allowed to go unescorted to his mother's home in Lochaber Road on day release. Later that day he refused to return to hospital and said he feared his life was in danger. <mask_1> He then went downstairs and attacked his mother, who was frightened of him and had padlocked some of the rooms. A post-mortem examination found she died of head injuries. Judge Wide said he was satisfied the defendant was suffering from a mental disorder. A family statement said: "The last nine months have been an incredibly difficult time for all of us, but we welcome the sentence of the court so that now Gilbert can get the full care and treatment he deserves. "We have serious concerns and questions about how he came to be released when clearly unwell, on the day he killed our mother, and will await the forthcoming NHS investigation with interest. "We sincerely hope that it makes a real difference, so that tragedies like this can never happen to any other family in London ever again." South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust said: "We offer our full condolences to the family in this tragic case. We have carried out a thorough internal investigation into the care and treatment of Mr Gilbert Corette and shared this with his family." It said it was also involved with an ongoing domestic homicide review into the death and would not comment further until the review was published.
McGeady will be reunited with new Black Cats boss Simon Grayson, for whom he played 35 games, scoring eight times, at Preston North End last season. <mask_1> He has also made 90 appearances for the Republic of Ireland. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
A 2013 article suggested Rowling had told a false "sob story" about being stigmatised by churchgoers in the '90s. The Mail printed an apology and paid substantial damages to Rowling in May 2014, but challenged Rowling's right to give a court statement about the case. Last week the Court of Appeal dismissed the newspaper's objections. It paved the way for Thursday's unilateral statement, which was read out by solicitor Keith Schilling on behalf of Rowling, as part of the libel settlement. <mask_1> The two-page statement reiterated that Rowling "did not at any point criticise or complain about her treatment at the hands of fellow churchgoers. "She had in fact spoken about her time working at the local church with immense gratitude." Mr Schilling said: "Following publication of the article, the claimant, through her solicitors, wrote to the defendant requesting only that the online article be removed and a sufficient apology published. "The defendant refused to remove the article or apologise and denied that the article was even capable of defaming the claimant for several months." <mask_1>
Thousands of commercial vessels from around the world enter UK waters every year, bringing a chance for international criminal gangs to surreptitiously move drugs over water and on to shore. If illegal substances are being smuggled, it is the job of the National Deep Rummage Team (NDRT) to find where. But vessels are vast structures with many hiding places - some are capable of carrying 14,000 containers, equal in length to a 44-mile long train. Drugs could be concealed anywhere from under a cabin bed bunk to the harder to reach places like tanks filled with liquid or buried deep within the bulkhead. <mask_1> "You've got to go on board with imagination and with the mindset that you are going to find something." <mask_1> <mask_1> Because of the specialised nature of their work, they also have to be trained in immediate life support first aid and self rescue, rather than rely on other emergency services. <mask_1> "If we're going into a confined space it needs to be aerated, there could be gases or a lack of oxygen in it. <mask_1> "People have died in accidents on vessels and we don't want that to happen to our officers." As crucial as hunting out and searching the confined spaces is, the 'bread and butter' of rummage work is talking to those on board. "We talk to the captain and crew, monitor their body language, see how they feel about us being on board and take all those factors into account," said Mr Tunney. "There are clues, it's just recognising them. It may be that the captain says no-one has been in a particular area but you notice footprints or you see some new piece of construction. "Vessels don't smuggle, it's people that smuggle." The Border Force's NDRT formed in 2004. There are now four specialist teams based at Liverpool, Immingham, Felixstowe and Southampton. Since its launch, the teams have found some 777 kilos of class A drugs with a street value of approximately Â£155m. The teams are responding to an ever-changing shipping world. Crew previously made their fortunes smuggling tea, silk and brandy into UK ports. Now highly organised international crime groups are able to bring drugs, cigarettes and illegal immigrants into the UK. <mask_1> "Diving in water near ships is totally different to swimming in the Red Sea. "It's an unforgiving environment and people can very quickly get disorientated." The team works closely with other maritime authorities, the police dive teams, the Serious Organised Crime Agency and other government departments. Vessels are selected for searching by an intelligence-driven method, with those presenting the highest risk targeted. Much of the team's success comes down to having access to the MV Altea - a ship that was impounded after being caught attempting to smuggle 17 tonnes of cannabis into the country in 1989. It was agreed by the Treasury to let the rummaging team use it as their training facility and the vessel is now permanently moored in Liverpool Docks. Mr Tunney said: "At the end of the day we're stopping illegal goods onto the streets of the UK, we're protecting our families and communities and that's where we get our buzz."
The Coventry-born fly-half scored 33 points, bagging a try and kicking eight penalties and two conversions in a terrific performance. Joe Simpson, Elliot Daly and Andrea Masi also scored second-half tries. But Goode was man of the match - in front of a record Premiership crowd of 28,254 at a recognised home ground. <mask_1> It was actually Wasps' third game at the ground, having played a Heineken Cup semi-final at the Ricoh in April 2007 and a group game in the same competition against Munster seven months later. Goode, the former England stand-off, had the honour of claiming Wasps' first points at the Ricoh as landlords when he booted the hosts ahead after just six minutes from 45 metres, and he added five more penalties before the break. His dominance was interrupted only briefly by Irish prop Geoff Cross becoming the first player to score a try, when he cashed in on sloppy defence to burst over from 15 metres out. <mask_1> Four minutes into the second half Wasps scrum-half Simpson, on a right-wing overlap, ran in his side's opening try from the 22, with Goode failing for once with the conversion. But he quickly found his range again with his seventh penalty before adding his eighth as further punishment following the incident which saw Irish hooker David Paice sent to the sin bin. Goode then helped cash in on their extra man advantage when he went in under the posts, converting his own try for a 36-16 lead. <mask_1> Wasps stand-off Andy Goode told BBC Sport: "It sounds a bit cheesy, but that really is the stuff dreams are made of. "Obviously as a Sky Blues fan I've been up here to watch Coventry City play a few times, so it was great for me to run out and play here. "And to then come off and find out that it was an individual Premiership points record is Christmas come early for me. "I said to the lads before the game 'let's not get carried away by the emotion of it'. <mask_1> Wasps captain James Haskell told BBC Sport: "It was a great way to start here. We've finished one chapter and started a new one. "It took us 55 minutes to really get going, but we were disciplined and controlled. We just hope we've done enough to make people want to come back here and watch us again." London Irish coach Brian Smith: <mask_1> <mask_1> "When a young ref gets a crack in front of a big crowd, you are concerned. <mask_1> But you just have to wear it and move on. "You have to applaud Wasps for their enterprise in making this move up here to Coventry and good luck to them." Wasps: Masi; Wade, Daly, Bell, Tagicakibau; Goode, Simpson; Mullan, Shervington, Cooper-Woolley; Davies, Gaskell; Johnson, Haskell (capt), Hughes. Replacements: Lindsay, McIntyre, Cittadini, Myall, Jones, Davies, Lozowski, Miller. London Irish: Homer; Ojo, Griffin, Sheridan, Fenby; Geraghty, Steele; Court, Paice, Cross, Skivington (capt), Cox, Sinclair, Cowan, Narraway. Replacements: Allen, Halavatau, Aulika, Leo, Gilsenan, Allinson, Noakes, Lewington. Sin Bin: Paice (61). Attendance: 28,254 Referee: Tom Foley (RFU).
President Barrow's plane touched down at Banjul airport where jubilant crowds waited to welcome him. Mr Barrow, who has been in neighbouring Senegal, won elections in December. However a handover was stalled when Mr Jammeh, Gambia's president of 22 years, refused to step aside. He left for exile at the weekend after mediation by regional leaders and the threat of military intervention. Mr Barrow, dressed in white robes and a cap, stepped off the plane in Banjul as heavily armed troops from Senegal and Nigeria stood by. Overhead, a fighter jet from the West African force guaranteeing the new president's security performed fly-pasts. "I am a happy man today," Mr Barrow told a reporter from the Associated Press in the crush at the airport, adding: "I think the bad part is finished now." The president said his priority was to appoint his cabinet and "then get the ball rolling". <mask_1> <mask_1> Supporter Ibrahima Gaye said Mr Barrow would be different from Mr Jammeh "in all aspects". "We have been living under dictatorship for 22 years. You can go home at night and sleep without worrying you will be arrested before daybreak," he said. President Barrow is staying at his own home while a security assessment is carried out at the official residence, State House. <mask_1> The UN envoy for West Africa, Mohamed ibn Chambas, has said the UN will help guarantee security in The Gambia. Several thousand West African soldiers remain in The Gambia amid reports that rogue pro-Jammeh elements are embedded in the country's security forces. The West African force had threatened to drive Mr Jammeh from office if he did not agree to go. <mask_1> His spokesman Halifa Sallah said an inauguration was being planned for the national stadium in Banjul. "It will be an occasion to show strength. Everyone will be invited. The president will address his people,'' he told Senegalese radio. <mask_1> After his departure, reports emerged that more than $11m (Â£8.8m) had disappeared from The Gambia's state coffers. However a presidential adviser said the police had been asked to investigate and would determine if anything was missing. Mr Jammeh has not commented on the allegations. In other developments, parliament has cancelled the state of emergency declared by Mr Jammeh last week. It also revoked legislation that would have extended its life for a further 90 days.
<mask_1> Investigations began in 2010 after HSBC was found to be signing off foreclosure documents without proper review. In a statement, the bank's chief executive Kathy Madison called the agreement a "positive result." The consumer relief will require the bank to cut the loan amount on mortgages for homeowners close to default. HBSC will also be required to change internal practices like foreclosing on homeowners who are being considered for a loan modification. "The agreement is part of our ongoing effort to address root causes of the financial crisis," said the head of the Justice Department's Civil Division Benjamin Mizer. The deal settles claims with 49 states, the District of Columbia and the federal government. HSBC's agreement is similar to deals that were given to US banks including JP Morgan and Bank of America in 2012.
Four falls over beam and uneven bars meant the British team finished nearly five marks off the gold spot but still nearly two ahead of France in third. "We'd be lying if we said we weren't disappointed but I'm still incredibly proud," Becky Downie told BBC Sport. "To have that many falls and still get silver shows how much we've improved." She added: "Two years ago we were crying with happiness because we scraped a silver." <mask_1> Becky Downie scored 15.066 after Harrold had missed a catch in her routine. The elder sister then suffered falls on beam, as did Fragapane, while Russia, led by Aliya Mustafina, extended their lead. However, Fragapane was able to put her obvious disappointment behind her to give trademark energetic performance on the floor to seal a comfortable silver medal with a total score of 170.312. <mask_1> The GB team in Switzerland travelled without Amy Tinkler, who remained at home to concentrate on school exams, although they did welcome back Jupp after three years plagued by injuries. On Sunday, Britain will have seven chances to win medals across all four apparatus.
The visitors edged a relatively even first half and took an 11-6 half-time lead thanks to Adam Thompstone's try. Ellis Genge crossed to extend Tigers' advantage after the break and Freddie Burns' boot put them 15 points ahead. <mask_1> England centre Manu Tuilagi made his return for Leicester off the bench after two months out with a groin injury and helped his side move within a point of third-placed Wasps. Tigers' first-half try came when Bristol had 14 men after lock Ian Evans was sin-binned and Thompstone gathered Burns' fine cross-field ball to take advantage. <mask_1> Bristol, who released centre Gareth Maule by mutual consent earlier on Friday, sensed they could grab a dramatic victory when Adrian Jarvis kicked them to within five points, but Leicester's defence held firm. Bristol interim head coach Mark Tainton told BBC Radio Bristol: "I'm very proud of the way the players performed. <mask_1> <mask_1> Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill told BBC Radio Leicester: "It was a physical old game. "It's a good win, away from home, after a five-day turnaround, with lots of guys missing. Everything was against us. "Bristol played very well, they were tenacious, strong and worked hard. "If they play like that, they will turn sides over if they're underestimated." Bristol: J Williams; Edwards, Woodward, Hurrell, Tovey; Searle, R Williams; Traynor, Jones, Cortes, Evans, Sorenson, Eadie, Robinson, Crane (capt). Replacements: Hawkins, Bevington, Ford-Robinson, Phillips, Fisher, Cliff, Jarvis, Wallace. Leicester: Worth; Thompstone, Betham, Williams, Brady; Burns, Harrison; Genge, Youngs (capt), Bateman, Slater, Kitchener, Fitzgerald, Evans, Hamilton. Replacements: Thacker, Brugnara, Cilliers, Wells, McCaffrey, Kitto, Tuilagi, Roberts. For the latest rugby union news follow @bbcrugbyunion on Twitter.
She was giving evidence earlier against Det Sgt Andrew Mottau, who denied gross misconduct while working as a South East Counter Terrorism Unit supervisor. <mask_1> She said the toy was put on her desk in August when she came back from leave. The investigator, whose name has not been released, said she felt "ridiculed" and as though other members of her team were laughing at her. She and Det Sgt Mottau had known each other for more than 20 years, a misconduct hearing was told. She said: "I'm a black person, serving the public. <mask_1> <mask_1> I felt violated and grabbed my fags and walked out." She added: "His actions have racist undertones. The toy remained on my desk for three weeks and it's unthinkable that no-one did anything... I raised an objection more than once." "He bullied, harassed me and violated my dignity. It dented my confidence and I went home crying." Det Sgt Mottau is also alleged to have told the woman to make him cups of tea "when the black monkey starts to sing". Furthermore, he is accused of making racist remarks and asking her to "embrace" the monkey in the period between 15 August and 15 September 2016. The misconduct hearing is being held at Thames Valley Police's Kidlington headquarters and is scheduled to last four days.
The procession, which included floats, pipe bands and dancers, set off at 12:00 GMT in the Digbeth area of the city. Last year, more than 80,000 people turned out to celebrate the occasion. The parade, which has passed through Digbeth since 1996, is regarded as the third largest in the world after those in New York and Dublin. This year's celebrations have been taking place on the actual date of St Patrick's Day and have the theme of The Gathering, which organisers say is about encouraging people of Irish descent to visit the county, town and or village of their ancestry. <mask_1> John Lines, the Lord Mayor of Birmingham, told BBC News the celebrations were going really well. He said: "The weather looks fine and everyone's smiling. Such wonderful costumes - people must have spent all year preparing for this. "Aren't we lucky in Birmingham?"
<mask_1>
In the six months to September, 39,174 people were given three days' emergency food from the network of centres run by the Trussell Trust. This is a 20% rise on the same period in 2013. But the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) said there was "no convincing evidence" linking benefit changes and more use of food banks. Source: Trussell Trust CASE STUDY: EBBW VALE <mask_1> It has helped just over 1,500 people from April to September 2014. <mask_1> Martin Abel, food bank manager, said: "All food bank vouchers are numbered and people are allowed up to three so we notice if a pattern is emerging we put them in touch with agencies and find help, whether it's with budgeting or whatever." Read more - Blaenau Gwent food bank finds goodwill in troubles In Wales, those helped included more than 13,200 children. The most common reasons for seeking help are benefit delays, low income and benefit changes. Oxfam Cymru has blamed a "perfect storm" of "benefit cuts, low wages, sanctions and insecure jobs". But Works and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has said it was "quite wrong" to suggest it was just to do with benefits-related problems. The DWP has consistently claimed welfare changes are not to blame. A spokesman added: "The reality is the vast majority of benefits are processed on time, with improvements being made year on year. <mask_1>
The newly elected MP won the seat from the Liberal Democrats' Sarah Olney with a majority of only 45 votes. <mask_1> There were no fewer than four recounts before a result was declared. Mr Goldsmith won 28,588 votes, with Ms Olney receiving 28,543 votes on a turnout of 79%. Mr Goldsmith admitted he had won by a "narrow margin" but thanked the voters of Richmond Park for giving him another chance to represent them. ''I hope my constituents know I will never let them down. " he added. Ms Olney took the seat from Mr Goldsmith, who stood as an independent after his temporary departure from the Tories, last year. The Lib Dem win was attributed to her opponent's pro-Brexit stance in the largely Remain-voting constituency.
It estimates poor diets are causing around 70,000 premature deaths each year. In a major report on unhealthy diets, the body called for the extra money raised to be used to subsidise fresh fruit and vegetables. The Food and Drink Federation said the measure would not change diets. <mask_1> <mask_1> The report said taxing specific food groups - such as the sugar drinks tax introduced in Mexico - were shown to cut consumption. Doctors said a tax of at least 20% would be needed to deter customers.  It would mean a 65p can of fizzy drink would cost at least 78p and a two-litre bottle would shoot up from Â£1.85 to Â£2.22. The report says the extra revenue should be used to make fruit and vegetables cheaper so that we "create an environment where dietary choices default to healthy options". Dr Shree Datta, from the British Medical Association, told the BBC: "I think it is a massive problem illustrated by the fact obesity is creeping up. "We're looking at 30% of the UK population being obese by the year 2030, a large extent of that is due to the amount of sugar we're actually consuming without realising. <mask_1> The government's main approach to obesity has to been to work with the food industry to get it to voluntarily reduce calorie content. A spokeswoman said obesity was of "great concern to this government". <mask_1> The BMA's report is timely. Later this week, the UK's official Scientific Advisory Committee on Nutrition will publish its final advice on the amount of sugar we should be eating. Its draft report said sugar added to food or naturally present in fruit juice and honey should account for 5% of energy intake. The current recommended level is 10% and many people fail to meet that. Ian Wright, director-general of the Food and Drink Federation, said: "We share the BMA's concerns about the health of young people in the UK." However, it said many foods were already taxed at 20% through VAT such as soft drinks and confectionery. He added: "Where additional taxes have been introduced they've not proven effective at driving long-term, lasting change to diets. "In recent years, calories in household foods and drinks have been gradually lowered through recipe reformulations, including sugar reductions, and changes to portion sizes."
Next season, with their ground sold for redevelopment, they will play their football 13 miles up the A449 at Aggborough, home of local rivals Kidderminster Harriers. And, although at the moment, their hopes for the future are no more than pipedreams, the long-term plan is to one day return to the city. City will leave behind a lot of memories for their fans, most notably their finest hour when, on 15 January 1959, they knocked Liverpool out of the FA Cup in a third-round tie in front of a crowd of 15,000. The local folklore is that it was the defeat which cost Liverpool manager Phil Taylor his job and led to the appointment of the legendary Bill Shankly, triggering the start of the famous 'Boot Room' dynasty at Anfield. The reality is that actually happened 11 months later - and Liverpool were only a Division Two club at the time, but they do say, 'never let the facts get in the way of a good story'. There are certainly plenty of tales told about that famous day, which, for all Kidderminster's later FA Cup-fighting exploits, still ranks as the biggest in Worcestershire's football history. <mask_1> King is now 70 and living in Spain, but he will never forget that cold winter afternoon at St George's Lane. "City beat Liverpool," he told BBC Hereford & Worcester. "It sounds rather strange nowadays, doesn't it? "Liverpool were in the second division in those days, but nevertheless it was a fantastic victory. <mask_1> "I can remember being there with some of my schoolmates and we thought it was an unbelievable day for Worcester City." The teenage King was already starting to attract attention from Football League clubs - Bolton Wanderers and Brentford were among those keeping a watchful eye on him - but it was Cardiff who made the first move. "Although St George's Lane is soon to be lost forever, maybe a new spirit for this great club is about to be found. <mask_1> <mask_1> "My first memories of 'The Lane' are peeping through holes in the fence alongside the canal towpath to glimpse the action underneath the floodlights before climbing over at the side of the Shed to get a proper view of my early City heroes like Micky Tuohy, Paul Moss and John McGrath playing in the Alliance Premier League. "I started my stint as City commentator during Andy Preece's tenure, although sadly not in time to cover the televised FA Cup tie against Huddersfield in 2005. "This has always been my favourite ground to commentate from and the wooden hut at the back of the main stand has become almost my second home over the past few years." Dan Johnson, home and away commentator on City games for BBC Hereford & Worcester Cardiff were by then managed by former Worcester boss Bill Jones, who had masterminded that win over Liverpool and still had strong connections with the club. As a youngster, King was very green when it came to salary negotiations, so he sought advice from one of the senior players at Worcester, Sammy Bryceland. "We got on really well and he said to me: 'Whatever they offer you, say no because there is more - they are bound to offer you more'. "Part of the deal involved Harry Knowles, who had been in that City side that had beaten Liverpool. <mask_1> "Harry was looking to come back to City and I was going to be the makeweight. "Bill Jones showed me around Ninian Park and then said: 'We'll offer you £12 10 shillings per week', but I remembered what Sammy Bryceland had said so, much to Bill Jones' surprise, I told him: 'Can I think about it?' "Harry was there and he asked me 'Is it all sorted out?'. I told him I was still undecided, but I knew what I wanted to do so I went back in again and told Bill Jones I was going to sign. "Bill later told me that, if I had asked for more, we wouldn't have done the deal because there was another 17-year-old in the first team on £12 10 shillings. "I'm glad I ignored Sammy's advice, or I might never have had 13 seasons at Cardiff City." <mask_1> Peter King was talking to BBC Hereford & Worcester sports editor Trevor Owens
Its fossils indicate that the normal-sized primitive humans who first set foot on the Indonesian island of Flores shrank "rapidly" to become Hobbit-sized. The remains are of at least one adult and two children, who are all just as small as their descendents. A paper in the journal Nature details the latest findings. The Hobbit's discovery in a cave on Flores created a sensation 12 years ago. Just a metre in height (hence the affectionate nickname), it was initially thought they could have been living as recently as 12,000 years ago. Subsequent analysis has shown they actually existed slightly further back in time, between 50,000 and 60,000 years ago - not that this lessened the fascination with the diminutive species more properly called Homo floresiensis. And now comes new research from some of the scientists involved in the original discovery that reveals insights on the Hobbit's lineage. The team presents much older fossils, dating back 700,000 years, unearthed at a site named Mata Menge. These remains consist of a piece of lower jawbone and several teeth. <mask_1> There are also stone tools at the same site which are much older still, suggesting ancient human-like creatures lived on Flores a million years ago. One theory is that these people were another normal-sized species we now refer to as Homo erectus, which was known to live on the island of Java, about 500 km west of Flores. <mask_1> "What is truly unexpected is that the size of the finds indicates that Homo floresiensis had already obtained its small size by at least 700,000 years ago." Dr Gert van den Bergh, from the University of Wollongong's Centre for Archaeological Science, who led the team, said the entire team was surprised at the small size of the adult jawbone. "We were expecting to find something larger than what we found, something closer to the size of the original founder population,  Homo erectus, but it turns out that they were as small if not smaller than Homo floresiensis. "The rapid evolution seems quite fast but we have no examples of human or primates (shrinking) on other islands to compare it to." The theory is that erectus shrank to cope with the Island's relatively meagre resources. But the big question is how did it get there. Homo erectus was too primitive to build boats and it was too far for the species to swim from Java to Flores. One possibility, is that individuals were swept across by a giant tidal wave, according to the researchers. But Prof Chris Stringer of the Natural History Museum in London believes that the evidence for the rapid shrinking theory is circumstantial: "We do not know how large the tool-makers at one million years actually were, since we do not have their fossils yet; and, secondly, we cannot be sure that the evidence at one million years actually represents the first arrival of humans on Flores." <mask_1> <mask_1> But Dr Adam Brum of Griffiths University in Australia says the team hopes to gather more fossils to build up a more complete picture. "We want to know what the very, very first (humans) that set foot on the island were like. <mask_1> <mask_1> "This find quashes once and for all any doubters that believe Homo floresiensis was merely a sick modern human." Follow Pallab on Twitter
The 34-year-old woman, from Bradford, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was stopped by the Turkish authorities last October. She had flown to Istanbul with the intention of travelling to Raqqa. At a previous hearing at Leeds Crown Court, she pleaded guilty to two counts of abducting children under 16. Sentencing her at the same court, Judge Rodney Jameson QC said she was "determined to take them to Raqqa in Syria". <mask_1> She had returned to the UK after her husband and parents contacted police. <mask_1> <mask_1> "It is said on your behalf that you do not support much of what IS do. It is not easy to reconcile this submission with the assertion that you believe that Sharia law is only enforced properly by IS. "In any event, the nature of the regime imposed by IS in Syria is clear. It is beyond dispute that IS enforce their will by the use of extreme force. Such force routinely includes mutilation, rape and murder. You are an intelligent and well-educated woman, you knew this. "The fate of your children would have been either to have subscribed, fully and actively, as we have all seen in the appalling use of a young child in an IS propaganda video in recent days, to such behaviour, or to have suffered it themselves." She told her husband she was taking the children to a birthday party, the court heard previously. She later admitted to police she had planned to travel to Syria and ultimately to Mosul in Iraq but did not tell family as they would not approve. The 34-year-old was born in the UK and spent her formative years in Pakistan before returning to live in Bradford.
Spurs won all six league games during April, with Son scoring five of their 16 goals. It is the first time this season Argentine Pochettino has won the award. <mask_1> Spurs beat Burnley, Swansea, Watford, Bournemouth, Crystal Palace and Arsenal during April. They are second in the table, seven points behind leaders Chelsea, with three games remaining. Five of the past 11 player of the month awards have gone to Tottenham.
In early trade, the FTSE 100 was 5.51 points lower at 6,815.28. Anglo American shares fell 2.1% while BHP Billiton dropped 1.9%. Mining shares have been hit as prices of commodities have come under pressure from a recent strengthening in the value of the US dollar. Morrisons fell 2.4% after Goldman Sachs cuts its rating on the firm to "sell". Banking shares were having a better day, with HSBC up 1.4% and Barclays rising 0.5%. <mask_1>
<mask_1> But over the past decade or so, a new threat has emerged - a silent, insidious one - canine distemper virus. Worldwide there are an estimated 400-500 Siberian or Amur tigers. Exact numbers are hard to determine because this is a reclusive animal that is rarely observed. Yet, at the turn of the century, some of these otherwise withdrawn animals were seen wandering onto roads and into villages in the Russian Far East. They were fearless and docile, confused and dazed; the antithesis of their usual ferocious and wary demeanour. Over the next few years evidence mounted that this, the largest living felid, was suffering from an infectious agent and the indications - the nature of the illness, historical understanding of wild cat infections and the diagnosis, in a single wild tiger, of a virus belonging to the morbillivirus genus - provided a likely culprit. A study published in the journal mBio, confirmed these suspicions. Genetic analysis of several dead tiger samples showed that canine distemper virus was the cause. <mask_1> But this virus is incredibly promiscuous and can infect jump into a variety of different animals - usually with catastrophic effects. <mask_1> The virus has also ripped through Africa, with fatal outbreaks in silver-backed jackals and bat-eared foxes and catastrophic die-offs in wild dog populations that continue to this day. For years, cats were thought resistant to CDV. <mask_1> <mask_1> This population of closely monitored lions succumbed to CDV. Whilst only 34 lion deaths were documented during the outbreak, this was only the tip of the iceberg. Before CDV struck, the lion population numbered 3,000, but afterwards this had fallen by a third. In the same outbreak, countless hyenas, bat-eared foxes and leopards also perished. <mask_1> In an intriguing turn of events, CDV was also starting to spark fatal outbreaks in various primates. <mask_1> <mask_1> Could CDV do the unthinkable and infect humans? The simple answer is a resounding yes. At least, in theory it is. To replicate, a virus has to get into a host cell.  It does this through interactions between proteins on its surface with proteins - receptors - on the surface of the cell. These receptors act as gateways into the cell and if the virus protein fits then infection takes place. Different animals possess slightly different versions of these receptors on their cells so the virus proteins also have to change to be able to unlock them. <mask_1> This is a tiny species barrier. But before banishing the pet dog to a high containment kennel then donning personal protective clothing before you go near, there's a key part of the story we need to consider - one that's probably been protecting us for all of these years. When you're exposed to a virus your body recognises it as foreign and your blood cells generate antibodies which bind to the virus surface proteins and protect us from infection. It's the basis for vaccination. <mask_1> But, if we ever eradicate measles and stop vaccination, maybe then we will be susceptible to CDV. But what of the Amur tiger - will CDV ensure its ultimate demise? As Dr Denise McAloose, lead author on the mBio paper, explained: "When you're talking about four to five hundred animals and your losing reproductive females and their offspring, the overall impact on populations is huge. <mask_1> A bleak outlook that is shared by a University of Nottingham colleague, veterinary virologist Dr Rachael Tarlinton: "Because they are such tiny populations even relatively small mortality events can seriously harm their genetic diversity and this might just be enough to push them over the edge." Hopefully it's not too late. We know that CDV vaccines work and a targeted vaccination programme might just pull Amur tigers back from the brink. Current CDV vaccines have to be injected - no trivial task when the animal you want to protect is so difficult to track down and so dangerous to handle. But not all vaccines need to be injected - some very effective vaccines have been developed for oral delivery and these have been pivotal in our fight against rabies. In the late 1970s, Switzerland pioneered the widespread deployment of enticing baits laced with rabies vaccine that would be eaten by rabies-susceptible wild animals, thereby protecting them. So successful was this approach that following a similar campaign that spanned more than two decades, Germany was declared rabies-free. Whilst development of an oral vaccine is scientifically feasible, it is unlikely ever to become a reality. As Dr Tarlinton explains: "It was worth developing the oral bait vaccines for rabies because of the human zoonosis risk, but something for a purely veterinary disorder, particularly one that infects wildlife rather than livestock? It's difficult to justify the economics of doing it, even if we should." Even though vaccinating tigers is unfeasible there is an alternative: identify the reservoir and remove the virus at source through vaccination campaigns. This has proven very effective in protecting CDV-threatened lion populations in Africa. But do we know what the reservoir is? Domestic dogs have been implicated in all epidemics involving wildlife but, because the virus can infect other animals, you have to be sure. And this is what Dr McAloose and her colleagues have turned their attention to. "We have to understand if there's a reservoir. "We're trying to identify how the virus is cycling through the system to understand what the carriers are, and only with these results would we be able to make the appropriate recommendations." For the sake of the Amur tigers, I wish them well in their quest.
<mask_1> The mayor of the town of Concordia, on the border with Uruguay, was quoted as saying a quarter of the town was underwater. Thousands of people have also been affected by the rains in neighbouring Paraguay and Uruguay. "There's never been flooding like this," Concordia Mayor Enrique Cresto said on Thursday, according to the Clarin newspaper. "Today the river is going to rise another 40cm [16in]. We are going to... keep evacuating more families all day." <mask_1> Chaco government general secretary Horacio Rey said a "comprehensive assistance plan for those affected" was being implemented. It would include "sanitary operations, delivery of merchandise, assistance to producers and infrastructure projects to protect against the costs", Mr Rey told the state-run Telam news agency. The floods have been linked by some experts to the El Nino phenomenon, a naturally occurring weather episode that sees the warm waters of the central Pacific expand eastwards towards North and South America. What is El Nino? Current El Nino 'among the strongest'
<mask_1> The crimes were committed in Hampshire. When the IT worker fled he was also awaiting sentence for other offences, including three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16. Tsang, of Sandy Lane, was due before magistrates in Hong Kong on Saturday. The Chinese national was convicted of sexual offences against a teenage girl at a trial at Oxford Crown Court earlier this year. He was on bail awaiting his second trial when he fled. During the hunt for Tsang, Det Chief Insp Katy Barrow-Grint said his victims had been through "a living nightmare at his hands". The process to have Tsang returned to the UK for sentencing will now get under way.
Astley's 50 gave the singer his first UK number one for almost 30 years. It will compete for the BBC Radio 2 album of the year award with Adele's 25, Coldplay's A Head Full of Dreams, ELO's Alone in the Universe and Michael Kiwanuka's Love & Hate. But there is no place on the shortlist for David Bowie's Blackstar, which came out days before his death in January. The nominees were chosen by the Radio 2 playlist committee. <mask_1> The shortlists for other categories, including BBC Music British artist of the year and song of the year, will be announced shortly. <mask_1> Rick Astley has enjoyed a successful comeback this year, but if he wins the BBC Music Award it will be far from his first taste of awards glory. In his first flush of fame in 1988, he won best single at the Brit Awards - as well as worst dressed person in the Smash Hits Readers' Poll. And, more improbably, at the height of the Rickrolling phenomenon he was voted the best act ever at the MTV Europe Music Awards in 2008. To be eligible for the BBC Music Award, albums must have been released between 17 October 2015 and 16 October 2016. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Willard Wigan, 57, a micro-sculptor, creates pieces that sit within the eye of a needle or on a pin-head. An exhibition of his works is being held at the Library of Birmingham from 11 January. <mask_1> The artist said he first became interested in micro-sculpture aged five when he began making houses for ants because he thought they needed somewhere to live. His works include miniature versions of athlete Usain Bolt, a hummingbird and cartoon characters Pinocchio and Cinderella. The sculptor was awarded an MBE for services to art in 2007. Explaining his decision to support the library, which opened in 2013, Mr Wigan said: "Literacy and learning initiatives can support, encourage, challenge and enhance [children], whatever their abilities. "These initiatives are even more important in Birmingham where literacy levels are amongst the lowest in the country." Part of the proceeds from the exhibition will support community programmes operated by the library.
Six councils in north-west England granted or renewed permits for more than 300 convicted drivers since 2012. <mask_1> MP Andrew Gwynne has called for current legislation to be tightened. The Licensed Taxi Drivers Association (LTDA) said granting licences to convicted drivers was "putting the public at risk". A BBC investigation found one in five drivers applying for a taxi licence in the region over the last two years had a criminal record. Forty-one councils were asked under the Freedom of Information Act to reveal how many convicted drivers were granted licences. Of the six that responded, Blackpool, Burnley, Cheshire East, Sefton, Eden and Trafford councils granted or extended licences for drivers with convictions including: Local Government Association guidelines state applicants convicted of sexual or violent offences should be refused a licence. <mask_1> Mr Gwynne, who represents Denton and Reddish, said he was concerned local authorities currently do not have powers over taxis licensed outside their area. He said: "What shouldn't be allowed to happen is people who have been refused on legitimate grounds can then scurry off to a neighbouring local authority where they have lesser standards and successfully apply for a licence that they have no intention of using in that local area." Undercover reporters from BBC Inside Out North West also found five private hire drivers over a two-hour period were willing to break the law and offer unbooked journeys in Manchester. One driver said: "There's no harm in it. Everybody's doing it." Current laws stipulate private hire taxi drivers are only allowed to operate after being pre-booked. Bob Azam, a hackney carriage driver for 15 years, described the city's Northern Quarter as the "Wild West" of illegal touting. <mask_1> It's just a matter of time until someone gets seriously hurt or sexually assaulted." Medical student Rachel Thacker was murdered 21 years ago when she got into a car she thought was a taxi. Her battered and burnt body was found dumped in a skip in Ardwick. She could only be identified by her fingerprints. Her killer, Duncan Bermingham, had borrowed the car from a friend and posed as a taxi driver. Gill Thacker said her daughter's life had ended in "the most horrendous circumstances" and warned against getting into an unlicensed vehicle. <mask_1> "They shouldn't be allowed to be taxi drivers. I wouldn't have thought they'd have got a licence if they'd got convictions for sexual offences," she added. <mask_1> "The problem is that councils set their own licensing standards and in some areas these are woefully inadequate - putting the public at risk. "We believe that the government must take urgent action to address this by establishing a clear set of robust minimum licensing standards, applicable across all authorities." <mask_1> Blackpool Council said it considered factors including the age of the conviction, the penalty imposed, and the applicant's conduct since the offence. Burnley Council explained its decision to grant a licence to a driver with a sexual conviction, adding: "Members took into account all the available evidence at the hearing and determined that the applicant was fit and proper." Trafford Council did not respond to requests for a comment. Inside Out North West is on Friday 31 March at 19.30 BST on BBC One in the North West and later on BBC iPlayer for 30 days
It follows claims of cronyism within the land and environmental services department. A long-running internal investigation has been looking at a number of issues, including alleged procurement irregularities. The department's executive director resigned last November. Police Scotland said their inquiries were at an early stage. <mask_1> <mask_1> The land and services department looks after services such as cleansing, bin collection, park, roads to environmental health and trading standards. The department has about 4,000 employees and a revenue budget of Â£190m. In November 2016 its executive director Brian Devlin - whose salary was about Â£120,000 - resigned after five years in the role. It is understood that Mr Devlin was spoken to during the internal investigation. The others interviewed by the internal investigators included two members of staff with close personal links to housing repair company Mears Scotland, which had also been at the centre of a local controversy over council contracts in neighbouring North Lanarkshire. One is the son of its managing director who is married to Glasgow's Lord Provost Sadie Docherty. <mask_1> However, Mears currently has no major contracts with Glasgow City Council and the company has denied wrongdoing. A spokesman for Labour-run Glasgow City Council said it would not be appropriate to comment on an ongoing internal investigation. <mask_1> Supporters of the Labour administration may argue that the internal investigation demonstrates that they take such matters seriously. <mask_1> The leader of the SNP group on the council, Susan Aitken, stressed she did not wish to comment on this specific investigation or any of the individuals concerned. However, she said: "Glasgow SNP have already expressed serious concerns about public trust in the council in the light of a number of incidents over the years and have committed to appoint an independent expert to conduct a root and branch review of governance if elected." The Times newspaper, which first reported the story in its Scottish edition, claimed the council's ties with Mears and a number of other firms were being looked at by the local authority's internal auditors. In general, councils are expected to follow tight procurement rules and statutory procedures to ensure an open and transparent process is followed for any contract being awarded - major contracts also have to comply with EU law. They should not be awarded on the basis of personal connections and no company tendering for a contract should be given an unfair advantage or disadvantage. It would be seen as bad practice - and possibly a breach of rules - for anyone with a close personal connection to a company to be involved with decisions on whether or not they are awarded a contract. Any allegation a council employee was able to give one company bidding for work an unfair advantage, through for instance sharing information, would also be taken very seriously. Recommendations on who to award significant contracts to are made by council officials, although the actual decisions are taken by committees of councillors. It is unusual for these committees to go against the officials' recommendations. Police Scotland said: "A matter has been raised with the police and inquiries are at an early stage to assess this information."
Bert Williams, 71, from Prenton, Wirral, caught the 93lb fish in the sea off Norway. <mask_1> The catch is about 10lb off the world record for cod. Shortly before, he had snagged his fishing line on the boat's engine and thought he'd done that again or "landed a dolphin" as a pod had just passed the boat. Mr Williams, who began fishing when he was six years old, said: "To get the thing out of the water, I had to pace myself. I wouldn't have been able to lift it in on my own." <mask_1> Despite its size, Mr Williams said: "I have caught a marlin bigger - it was 180lb." <mask_1> The world cod record, of about 104lbs, is held by a Swedish angler. Paul Stevens, a guide who organised the trip with Sportquest holidays, said: "The previous day, I caught an 84lb cod," he said. "I held the British record for 24 hours!" Mr Stevens described the atmosphere on the boat as "electric". "Everyone was buzzing it didn't matter who had caught it - it was just amazing to see such a big fish." The record-breaking fish, which died after it was reeled in, will be moulded into a fibreglass replica and mounted at the firm's offices in Norfolk.
The Labour MP for Hove, Peter Kyle, told the House of Commons that urgent action was needed with only seven armed officers on duty in the county. Calls for help to neighbouring forces had increased by 43%, he said. The prime minister said it was "possible" the pool of armed police could be grown, but he did not want to see "routine arming". <mask_1> The prime minister responded: "As for forces sharing between each other and going to each other's aid, that has always been part of the way British policing has worked." Brighton's Grand Hotel was bombed by the IRA in 1984. Five people died and 34 were injured in the attack aimed at prime minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet.
The winning film, I Daniel Blake, marks the 13th time that Loach, the director of more than 50 movies, has competed at the event. It's also exactly 10 years since he won the same prize for his 2006 Irish drama The Wind That Shakes The Barley, starring Cillian Murphy. <mask_1> Daniel Blake, played by stand-up comedian Dave Johns, is an older man living in Newcastle who, because of a heart attack, can no longer do his job. However, a mobility test by the Department of Work and Pensions declares him fit for work and while he waits for his appeal, Daniel Blake can only claim Jobseekers Allowance. His inability to take any work offered means his money is stopped, and he begins to go hungry. <mask_1> "The state's attitude is not an accident," he claims. "The poverty, the indignity, the humiliation people go through is consciously done. "The state is knowingly inefficient or cruel, knowing that people will be driven to frustration, despair, hunger and possible suicide. "Claimants are portrayed as 'scroungers' in the media but research has found that less than 1% of claims for benefits are fraudulent. "That's certainly less than the figures for tax evasion, for example. "But there's an attitude that suggests that if you're poor, it's your fault. If you are out of a job, it's your fault. <mask_1> Half a century ago, Ken Loach wrote the screenplay for the BBC play Cathy Come Home, which examined homelessness in Britain in 1966, and the director says his latest film "is a snapshot of how life can be lived in Britain in 2016". "We wanted to explore the human consequences of welfare policy in terms of relationships, and who people become through these policies." Loach and his long-time collaborator, writer Paul Laverty, spent several months visiting British cities such as Stoke, Newcastle, Liverpool and Glasgow, meeting people seeking work, or on low-paid or zero-hour contracts. "We started in my home town of Nuneaton and met a young lad there who was sleeping on a mattress in a charity home. "He was doing the odd bit of work on zero-hour contracts, he'd given up on benefits - he said it was too humiliating. "He hadn't worked for a couple of weeks, and the week before he hadn't eaten for four days. "I opened his fridge and there was nothing in it - nothing at all. <mask_1> Loach and Laverty say they also based a pivotal scene in the film, where a mother arrives at a food bank having not eaten for days, on a real anecdote from one of the centres they visited in Glasgow. <mask_1> "After the war in 1945, we were desperately poor in Britain, but there is no way people would have been starving, their communities wouldn't have let them. "That we now have this situation is testament to the policy of individualism that successive governments have pursued. "It's shocking that we are apparently such a wealthy nation with such grotesque wealth at the top and such desperate poverty and fear at the very bottom." The film has won widespread acclaim from critics, with Variety magazine calling it "one of Loach's finest films, a drama of tender devastation, a work of scalding and moving relevance". But despite its concentration on the UK welfare system, Loach, who will be 80 next month, insists that the movie also applies to an international audience. "There is a conscious cruelty in the way we organise our lives now which means the most vulnerable people in society, such as the disabled, are caught in this unfair situation. "They are often unable to live with dignity, and instead suffer pain and deep despair. <mask_1> I, Daniel Blake will be released in the UK later this year
The singer died in April 2016 at his Paisley Park studios, from an accidental overdose of the painkiller fentanyl. He did not leave a will and did not have any children. Reports place the value of his estate at around $200m (Â£153m), though taxes will likely absorb around half of that. In a protracted legal battle, as many as 45 people have staked a claim to the fortune, including a prisoner in Colorado who wrongly claimed to be Prince's son. Last July, a judge rejected claims by 29 would-be heirs, and ordered genetic tests to be carried out on others. Prince's assets include properties and the rights to his music, including hits like Let's Go Crazy and When Doves Cry, and previously unreleased material. District judge Kevin Eide said that those people denied the status of heirs must have time to appeal against the ruling. As a result, Prince's sister, Tyka Nelson, and five half-siblings - Sharon Nelson, Norrine Nelson, John Nelson, Omarr Baker and Alfred Jackson - must wait another year to get their share of the millions. <mask_1>
Media playback is not supported on this device <mask_1> <mask_1> "It was quite an easy decision." He added: "I didn't tell many people [before the tournament], but this is me finished from tournament snooker." Asked whether he would have changed his mind if he had won the tournament, Hendry replied: "No not at all. If I had won, it would have been a better way to go out. <mask_1> I was delighted to do it on my last appearance. "I've had so many memories here; my first time here, my first win, obviously my seventh world title. I could write a book about the memories that I had here. Media playback is not supported on this device "It's a sad day that I won't play here [at the Crucible] again, I love playing here but it's a relief as much as anything. "I want to do other things now. I've got a lot of commitments now in China, which I've signed up for and I can't do that and play snooker because I would never be at home." <mask_1> He went on to beat defending champion Higgins 13-4 which prompted him to declare that he could win a record eighth world title. But Hendry made a flurry of mistakes against Maguire, which his opponent ruthlessly punished to win the last-eight tie with a session to spare. Jimmy White, who was beaten by Stephen Hendry in four World Championship finals, tweeted: "He was and is an unbelievable snooker player & has nothing to prove. I hope he enjoys his retirement, he really deserves it. <mask_1> "It is his brutal frankness about his love of winning, more than the winning itself, that takes the breath away." Read more of Ben's blog "I thank him sincerely for some of the best matches and memories of my own career. I'm not sure his records will ever be equalled." Chairman of World Snooker Barry Hearn told BBC Radio 5 live: "There's no question he's the finest player ever to pick up a snooker cue. He always had the extra gear of focus. He got a maximum recently, showing there's life in the old dog still. "This announcement has come as a little bit of a shock. He will be missed. <mask_1> "But he was a phenomenal player and a really nice bloke. When you watch someone like Hendry in action, it's an art form." <mask_1> "He was blessed with a skill. His will and desire to win was frightening. "Everybody says they want to win, but Stephen Hendry wanted to win even more." Maguire added: "I'm shocked, I wasn't expecting that but Stephen has obvioulsy thought long and hard about it. "I'm just pretty sad that he's retired. I think he's retired too early but Stephen knows best." Hendry became the youngest-ever world champion, aged 21 in 1990, before adding six more in the next nine years. He held the world number one ranking for eight consecutive years between 1990 and 1998 and then again briefly in 2006 and 2007. Hendry, who lost to Willie Thorne on his World Championship debut in 1986, holds the record for the most world ranking titles (36) and the most competitive century breaks (775) He also shares the record of most competitive maximum breaks with Ronnie O'Sullivan at 11. <mask_1> <mask_1> Media playback is not supported on this device
<mask_1> Other customers and staff fled but the man cornered the woman in a back room and barricaded himself in. The area was cordoned off while police negotiated with the man. The woman was released unharmed in the early hours of Monday. Police then moved in and Tasered the man before arresting him and taking him to hospital on a stretcher for checks. Inspector Travis McCarthy told Australian media the investigation was ongoing but that the accused "was fairly disgruntled around some employment issues with the restaurant". He said the woman appeared not to have been directly threatened during the siege.
The condition of the woman, who has not been named, was "good, considering the circumstances", the GIZ development organisation said. She is "very relieved and happy" at being released, it added. The kidnapping happened in a central Kabul neighbourhood, where a number of foreign aid agencies are based. No details have been given about the circumstances of the woman's release. German Foreign Minister Frank Walter-Steinmeier, who is visiting Tehran, said he was "very relieved" at the news and thanked the Afghan government and the country's security forces. <mask_1> Another employee of the agency was kidnapped in the restive northern province of Kunduz and rescued in a police operation after 40 days in captivity. In April the bodies of five Afghan workers for Save the Children were found after they were abducted by gunmen in the strife-torn southern province of Uruzgan.
<mask_1> It's difficult to get into, and for many people, it's difficult to know where it's going. At Kiev International Airport, I hand my passport to a border guard. "Purpose of visit?" he asks. "Journalism. I'm with the BBC." He pauses. He studies my passport. He seems to be checking a list. He goes to pick up a telephone and asks a question. He does not realise I can hear. "You remember that pro-Russian journalist from the BBC? Was his surname Rosenberg?" Another pause. "It wasn't? OK, thanks." He hangs up. He stamps my passport and returns it. "Welcome to Ukraine!" he smiles. Those pauses at passport control are an indication of the current tension between Moscow and Kiev - a relationship clouded by enmity and suspicion. Our BBC team is only passing through Kiev. Our final destination is Crimea, the Ukrainian peninsula annexed by Russia three years ago. <mask_1> <mask_1> Ukraine, however, warns foreign nationals that anyone entering "temporarily occupied Crimea" without Kiev's permission and without crossing an official Ukrainian border may be banned from future entry to Ukraine. We're taking the longer route. Direct flights from Russia to Ukraine stopped in October 2015. <mask_1> Ahead of us is an eight-hour road trip to Crimea. <mask_1> Three hours later, permission slips in hand, our long car journey south begins. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> It is dark by the time we reach the final Ukrainian checkpoint before the peninsula. <mask_1> We show our passports and dozvils. Minutes later we are waved through. The no-man's land between the Ukrainian and Russian checkpoints is tiny - no more than 50m long. We stop here to change cars - our Kiev driver will turn back.  A driver from Simferopol has come to meet us. On the Russian side this is called the Armyansk crossing. As far as the Russians are concerned, it is an official state border. We show passports and visas and fill out immigration cards. Our documents are in order, but we are asked to wait. The appearance here of British journalists has raised official eyebrows. A young man in civilian clothes approaches me. <mask_1> We enter a small room and sit down at a table. He checks my phone to make sure I am not recording our conversation. Then come the questions. Lots of them. "What mission have your editors set you? What will you be filming? How will you be saving your material, on computers or hard drives? What SIM card will you be using in Crimea? As the correspondent, will you be making notes each night about what you have filmed? Can you show me some of the photos on your phone? Where will you be staying? Why didn't you fly direct from Moscow?" My interrogator notes down my answers on a piece of paper. His questions are not limited to Crimea. "What street do you live on in Moscow? <mask_1> What does your wife do for a living? You've been in Russia a long time. Have you ever considered applying for a Russian passport?" "My British one suits me just fine," I reply. "What do you think of English cuisine?" he asks, adding, "I like Jamie Oliver. Although I consider he uses too much oil." The questioning lasts an hour. <mask_1> I ask for his name. "I have no name," he replies, "only a rank." The inquisitive young man with "no name, only a rank" invites my colleagues for similar conversations. Three hours pass. Interrogations over, we are still not free to go. <mask_1> Ten hours after arriving at the Armyansk crossing, we finally clear the checkpoint. <mask_1> <mask_1> But three years after annexation, the town feels Russian. Most of the cars have switched to Russian number plates, brand new buses manufactured near Moscow have taken to the roads. <mask_1> <mask_1> "We will, of course, develop this." <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> "Crimea is a place where people support Putin," Olga assures me. "We just adore him. He's our hero. <mask_1> Thanks to Putin, Russian soldiers came to protect us." On 22 February 2014, Ukraine's pro-Moscow president Viktor Yanukovych fled the country after what he - and his Russian allies - called an "illegal coup" in Kiev. On 27 February masked men in unmarked uniforms appeared in Simferopol. Armed with Russian weapons, they seized government buildings, the parliament, the airport and blocked Ukrainian army bases. <mask_1> Today Moscow admits the soldiers were from Russia's secretive Special Operations Forces (the SSO). President Putin subsequently signed a decree making 27 February an annual celebration in Russia - "Special Operations Forces Day". Following a hastily organised referendum, it was announced that more than 95% of people who had taken part had voted for Crimea's "reunification" with Russia. The referendum was not recognised by the international community. <mask_1> A statue honouring The Little Green Men has been erected near the Crimean parliament building. It depicts a young girl handing flowers to a man with a gun. <mask_1> <mask_1> In 2014 Russia's state-controlled media characterised the new Ukrainian government as "fascists", "neo-Nazis" and an "illegitimate junta''. Olga uses similar language as she recalls the past. "Without Russia, a lot of people would have been killed here," maintains Olga. "Ukrainian Nazis said Crimea would either be part of Ukraine or empty. People would have been oppressed. Perhaps even put in concentration camps." There is absolutely no evidence to substantiate Olga's claims. <mask_1> They discount evidence that unrest in the Donbass was incited and bankrolled by Moscow. <mask_1> Until recently her sister had been living in Luhansk, one of the self-proclaimed separatist republics in eastern Ukraine. "Life in Luhansk is terrible," Nadezhda says. "So I moved my sister to Crimea. I will do everything to make sure that kind of violence doesn't break out here." There is another reason why Nadezhda, an ethnic Ukrainian, trusts Moscow more than Kiev - it is out of nostalgia for Soviet times, when she regarded Moscow as her capital. <mask_1>  <mask_1> <mask_1> Nostalgia and fear are powerful feelings. <mask_1> Severing ties to Ukraine has brought problems. <mask_1> That means higher prices. <mask_1> <mask_1> As well as higher prices, there is Russian red tape. I visit a document registration centre in Simferopol. More than two hundred people are queueing outside. They have come to exchange Ukrainian documents, like deeds for apartments, for Russian ones. Some people, like Alyona, have been queuing here all night. "Life hasn't got better or worse," Alyona tells me, "We're still standing in lines, like we always used to. Maybe some people had big expectations three years ago. But I don't believe in miracles." I ask Alyona if she could imagine Russia handing Crimea back to Ukraine. "Nothing would surprise me any more," she laughs. "I wouldn't be surprised if we suddenly ended up as part of Turkey. To be honest, I don't care if we're with China! The most important thing is that there is no war. "I've learnt that your life can be turned upside down in a day. And there is nothing you can do about it. We're like pawns on a chessboard. They're playing with us. Today our place is in Russia. And tomorrow? Who knows. Maybe that's for the best: if we knew, we might have a heart attack." Across town, I meet Nadia. She is complaining to me about potholes. "Where I live there are potholes everywhere," Nadia says. "People have been hurting their legs. I've written to the authorities asking them to do something. They haven't lifted a finger." Nadia's disappointment extends further than pavements and roads. "Many people here were happy, but there is disillusionment now," she tells me, "because there is no investment and salaries and pensions are small. My pension is 8000 roubles ($140; Â£112) a month. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Russian police have come, too - with cameras. They are filming everyone, including us. In Russian Crimea, public expressions of Ukrainian pride attract special attention. Nadia is an ethnic Russian, but she is wearing a small Ukrainian flag. <mask_1> <mask_1> A woman called Lidiya overhears our conversation. She is furious. "It was the Russian Empress Catherine the Great who built up Crimea," says Lidiya sternly. <mask_1> Lidiya switches to modern history. "Three years ago America was planning to station soldiers in three schools in Sevastopol," she claims. "Nato troops wanted to be in Sevastopol. <mask_1> "How do you know that?" I ask. <mask_1> "Does that make it true?" Lidiya changes tack. "If people think they live badly in Crimea today, let them go and live in the Donbass in eastern Ukraine. They will be crying to come back here." <mask_1> Umer, a Crimean Tatar, is desperate for information about his son Ervin. In May 2016 Ervin was abducted late at night. <mask_1> <mask_1> But there has been no information about my son." Ervin Ibragimov was a member of the executive board of the World Congress of Crimean Tatars. Since annexation, the Crimean Tatar community has come under pressure. Its elected representative body, the Mejlis, which had opposed the 2014 referendum on joining Russia, has been ruled an "extremist organisation" and banned. Human rights group Amnesty International accuses the Russian authorities of "systematic persecution" of Crimean Tatars. This month the European Union's foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini concluded that "the rights of the Crimean Tatars have been gravely violated". Moscow denies the accusations. Over piping hot tea, Umer tells me the story of his family. In World War Two, his father had fought in the Red Army. "He was wounded and came home," Umer says. "Ten days later, all Crimean Tatars were deported from their homeland." It was Josef Stalin who had ordered the deportation - an act of collective punishment and paranoia. The Soviet dictator suspected Crimean Tatars of collaborating with the Nazis. More than 230,000 people were forced on to cattle trains and transported to Central Asia. "My mother and father told me later they'd be given just 15 minutes to gather their belongings," recalls Umer. Umer grew up in Soviet Uzbekistan. Conscripted into the Soviet army in the late 1970s, he spent a year fulfilling his "internationalist duty" fighting in Afghanistan. Umer looks at a photograph of his missing son. "There is no justice," he says. And yet this Crimean spring feels calmer than three years ago. While Russia and the West argue over sanctions, sovereignty and borders, it seems that most people here are just trying to get on with their lives, trying to adapt. "Everything calmed down," artist Svitlana Gavrilenko says. "Everyone who used to be 'pro' something - either pro-Russia or pro-Ukraine - everybody calmed down." Three years ago Svitlana had opposed annexation. Today her perspective has changed. "A lot of small and medium-sized businesses fell apart after Russia came because they were all connected to Ukraine.  Now they have reconnected to Russia and China. If we become a part of Ukraine again, we will need to solve all this stuff again. Everyone's life is going to be screwed up again." <mask_1> The sound of the waves crashing on the shore mixes with jazz chords from street musicians.  <mask_1> "Many people in Crimea still love Ukraine," Rodion says. "Russia and Ukraine are too similar, their peoples too inter-connected to feel bad about each other." Rodion believes "it's not completely impossible" that Crimea would one day return to Ukrainian rule. "Nobody ever imagined it would become a part of Russia," he says, though he resents Western leaders who demand the peninsula's return. <mask_1> It's a place. It's the people who live here. It's history. It's many things that cannot be bought or inter-changed." Svitlana Gavrilenko believes that the changes that took place here three years ago are irreversible. "I don't think Russia in its modern state, with Putin at the top, could ever give Crimea back," she tells me. "They made so much effort to connect it. They suffered through all these sanctions just to have Crimea. Why would they give it back?"
Daniel Pike, 28, spent two years building the hut near Watford, but was removed from it earlier this month. He said his hut at Merry Hill Wood has now been flattened by the Woodland Trust, which owns the land. <mask_1> For more stories about quirky homes in England follow our Pinterest board Mr Pike built the hut from clay he found at the site, kitted it out with solar panels, and constructed an outdoor shelter with a seating area and cooking facilities. He previously said being there had given him freedom and meant he could live "without being coerced". Read this and other stories from Hertfordshire However, bailiffs arrived on 7 September, accompanied by police, and he was arrested at the scene for obstructing a court official in the execution of his duty. He said: "It was all done very ruthlessly with no care or consideration for what I was saying." <mask_1> "I'm now staying at my mum's," he said. "I had to ask her because I had nowhere else to go." Now he says he has been "forced back into society" and hopes to return to his previous job at a supermarket. <mask_1> He said: "We have over 1,000 sites across the UK and we have a blanket rule: No occupation, because we have to protect all our woods...so that we can protect and safeguard our woods for wildlife and nature but also other people that visit them."
The man was hit on the A466 Wye Valley Link Road in Newhouse, Chepstow, at about 17:00 GMT on Tuesday. <mask_1> Gwent Police said it would remain closed for several hours. The Welsh Ambulance Service said a rapid response car and an air ambulance from Filton airfield, near Bristol, were sent to the scene but the man was pronounced dead.
M Squared Lasers said it had attracted a funding package worth more than Â£2.5m from Barclays and a further Â£750,000 from BGF (Business Growth Fund). M Squared is based at the West of Scotland Science Park in Glasgow, and has offices in the US including San Jose in Silicon Valley, California. The company develops and manufactures lasers and photonic instruments. It has designed products for a range of sectors, from explosives detection to biomedicines. M-Squared co-founder Graeme Malcolm said: "We've been expanding our export business for some time and have been making great headway in world markets. "This latest investment will provide important support as we continue to pursue our ambitious growth objectives. "Our US business has been growing strongly, with revenues doubling in 2014 as a result of rising demand for laser systems in areas such as quantum technologies." <mask_1> The company achieved year-on-year revenue growth of 40% in 2014 and expects to see similar annual growth this year.
<mask_1> Since then, troops and allied tribesmen have struggled to regain control. The number displaced by the unrest is the highest since the peak of the sectarian insurgency from 2006 to 2008. A further 1.1 million internally displaced people (IDPs) have still not returned to communities in Iraq wracked by violence since 2003. By Nahed  AbouzeidBBC Arabic, Baghdad The tourist village of Habbaniya, south-west of Falluja, was once a popular destination for the Iraqi elite during Saddam Hussein's rule. It has now turned into a refuge for those fleeing the fighting in Anbar. Inside the village's chalets and seven-story hotel are hundreds of families, crammed into rooms that lack adequate sanitation and other basic facilities. <mask_1> Children and women are the most vulnerable, especially pregnant women who cannot get access to female doctors. The main roads in and out of Fallujah and Ramadi are part of the battlefield as the army aims to secure supply routes for troops and tries to cut off militant groups. The UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said some 50,000 families had fled their homes since clashes erupted in Ramadi and Falluja after security forces dismantled a long-standing anti-government protest camp led by the Sunni Arab community. While security forces backed by pro-government tribesmen have made steady progress in retaking areas of Ramadi, they have not launched an offensive to recapture Falluja, fearing a repeat of the two bloody urban battles US troops fought in the city in 2004. Over the weekend, Anbar Governor Ahmed al-Dulaimi gave the militants a week to surrender, but said officials would not negotiate with Isis. <mask_1> Most of the displaced had fled to outlying communities in Anbar province, while 60,000 had ended up in more distant provinces, she added. Many are living in schools, mosques and other public buildings and urgently needed humanitarian aid. In Anbar, Ms Fleming said access remained a challenge, citing reports that a consignment of World Health Organisation (WHO) medical supplies had been detained at an Iraqi army checkpoint since 30 January. Many bridges have also been destroyed and roads blocked.
6 August 2016 Last updated at 13:57 BST <mask_1> Ricky was there for Newsround. Check out the video to get a taste of the excitement.
The mock hangings involved two blow up dolls, one with a Rangers scarf, the other with an Orange sash <mask_1> Toilets in the away end of the ground were vandalised and both clubs later released statements over fan behaviour. Det Insp David Stewart, who is leading the investigation, said: "Today specifically, we are requesting people with mobile phone footage of vandalism within the toilets of the away support section to contact us. "I would ask anyone who witnessed or who captured this vandalism to contact police, as it may assist with our enquiry. "I understand there were a number of images and video shared online of this and I would be keen for people to contact us directly with any information they may have." The detective added: "As part of the wider investigation, we have been viewing CCTV and obtaining footage from broadcasters in order to identify those responsible for disorder, vandalism and offensive or antisocial behaviour." Police have urged anyone with footage or information to send it to the dedicated email address: CelticRangersDisorder@scotland.pnn.police.uk
Devon and Cornwall Police said dozens of birds had been "placed" in a line along the central markings of the A35, about 100 yards apart. <mask_1> It was too early to say how they died, the force added. For the latest on this story, click here PCSO Steve Mingo said witnesses are being sought. "We are also asking for any pigeon fanciers in the area to check their flock to make sure all are accounted for."
<mask_1> His long-time rival Laurent Gbagbo is on trial for war crimes at the ICC over the civil war sparked by his refusal to accept defeat in the 2010 election. Both sides were accused of atrocities during the four-month conflict, which left some 3,000 people dead. Mr Outtara said Ivory Coast now has an operational justice system so future prosecutions will happen in national courts. He was speaking during a meeting in Paris with his French counterpart Francois Hollande. Campaign group Human Rights Watch has warned that the ICC gave a "perception of victor's justice" by only prosecuting one side of Ivory Coast's conflict. <mask_1> Mr Gbagbo and ex-militia leader Charles Ble Goude deny murder, rape, attempted murder and persecution. The ICC also accuses pro-Gbagbo militias of attacking members of ethnic groups believed to support Mr Ouattara. <mask_1> Last year, several former leaders of the pro-Ouattara rebels were indicted in Ivory Coast. Among them is Cherif Ousmane, who remains a high-ranking officer in the presidential guard. None of them is currently under arrest, reports the BBC Afrique's Abdourahmane Dia. The ICC had issued an arrest warrant for Mr Gbagbo's wife, Simone, too, but this was dismissed by the Ivorian government. Instead she was taken to court in Ivory Coast, along with 82 other supporters of her husband - 15 of whom were acquitted. She was sentenced to 20 years in prison in March 2015 for undermining state security.
Afrobasket 2015 is being held in Rades, on the outskirts of the capital Tunis, having moved from the coast after two deadly attacks on tourists this year. In June, an Islamist gunman killed 38 people at the beach resort of Sousse. <mask_1> The other three semi-finalists will go into an Olympic qualifying tournament next year. The opening match of the event is between Egypt and Gabon. Defending champions Angola are favourites to win the tournament.
<mask_1> Police detained her last week after she refused to reveal the child's location. She can now leave with her son and without charge after adhering to police requests to take him to a doctor. "She can leave Malaysia for home with her son. We have investigated the case and the deputy public prosecutor has decided that there will be no prosecution against her," Kuala Lumpur police chief Tajuddin Mohamad Isa said. The case sparked a controversy after video of her taking the child in a Kuala Lumpur restaurant was circulated. Mr Crick, who works for a Malaysia-based video streaming service, is reportedly back in Australia to seek custody of the child through the Australian court system. "Thank you everyone for your love, support and assistance during this exhausting ordeal. More than anything I'm just looking forward to getting home and spending time with my son again," Ms Szonert said in a Facebook post. Child Recovery Australia, the controversial group that helped Ms Szonert, said on its Facebook page that her return signalled "another successful recovery". Two men from Child Recovery Australia accompanied Ms Szonert to the restaurant where the child was taken and spoke to Mr Crick. <mask_1> The actress played troublemaker Danni Stark in Neighbours, appearing in the soap between 1993 and 1996, and she also had a role in the 2000 Australian movie The Dish.
Wavegarden Scotland wants to turn Craigpark Quarry pit near Ratho into a huge lake with a machine recreating waves for any level of surfer. The planned site lies across from the Edinburgh International Climbing Arena. The developers said they expected to create more than 80 jobs. Andy Hadden, co-founder of Tartan Leisure Ltd, said: "Wavegarden Scotland is a thrilling new concept in the adventure leisure industry.  If approved, it could position Scotland as a leading surfing destination as the country already has some world-class natural breaks. "We've received fantastic feedback on our plans to date and we look forward to sharing them with the local community." <mask_1> "Anything that encourages people, whether young or old, to lead an active lifestyle and enjoy all the benefits that come with it is likely to garner support across the city. "Hopefully others will share my enthusiasm for development." <mask_1> The public consultations will be held between 15:30 and 19:30 on Wednesday at the Edinburgh International Climbing Arena, and next Monday between 14:30 and 19:30 at Ratho Library.
The game had promised to be an entertaining one with the Magpies' Stanley Aborah letting fly from distance and forcing a corner early on. Following that set-piece, County's Haydn Hollis forced a superb save from Barry Roche before Aborah struck another effort just wide. But with the players struggling to move the ball as the rain came down, that was enough for referee Dean Whitestone to bring play to a halt after consulting both managers. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match abandoned due to waterlogged pitch, Notts County 0, Morecambe 0. First Half ends, Notts County 0, Morecambe 0. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Foul by Alex Rodman (Notts County). James Jennings (Morecambe) wins a free kick on the right wing. Michael Rose (Morecambe) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. <mask_1> Foul by Michael Rose (Morecambe). Attempt saved. <mask_1> Attempt missed. <mask_1> Attempt saved. <mask_1> Corner,  Notts County. Conceded by Barry Roche. Attempt saved. <mask_1> First Half begins. Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
L/Cpl David Gwilt from Bedford, and rifleman Dale Harris from Barnsley, died in the collision near Cullybackey in August 2014. The 24-year-olds had been serving in the 2nd Battalion The Rifles, based at Thiepval Barracks in Lisburn. Their colleague, rifleman Matthew Robins, escaped major injury. Mr Robins told Belfast Coroner's Court how the three had left the barracks that morning to spend some time fishing. He said the friends had stopped at two lakes and were on the way to find another spot to fish when the accident happened. The soldier said he recalled being in the front passenger seat of the car as they drove along, but had no memory of the crash that followed. <mask_1> Mr Robins, also from England, later told the coroner that none of the men were familiar with the roads in that part of County Antrim. Jordan Marks was driving the tractor and trailer along the Ballyconnelly Road at around 20:00 BST when the silver Fiat Punto owned and driven by Mr Gwilt emerged from a junction. "I just got a sight of a car flying out of the junction," Mr Marks said. The vehicle collided with the front of the tractor and spun around before crashing into a road sign. A retired doctor and two off-duty nurses were among the first to come upon the scene of the crash. Despite their efforts, the two soldiers were declared dead at the site. Mr Gwilt was in the driver's seat and Mr Harris was in the back passenger seat behind him. <mask_1> <mask_1> Mr Dunn said it was not possible to determine the exact speed the soldiers' car was travelling at, but added: "It was not moving at a relatively slow speed." <mask_1> A policeman told the coroner there had been a "collision history" at the junction and explained there was another side road directly opposite the road the soldiers were travelled on - giving the impression of one continuing road. "If you weren't paying close attention you might miss the junction completely," he said. The coroner heard that Transport NI has agreed to introduce additional safety measures at the junction - such as 'rumble strip' road paint to give drivers further warning to slow down and high visibility bordering around the stop signs. The coroner welcomed the steps. "I always hope something will arise out of a tragedy that will improve matters and may prevent the occurrence of something similar," he said. Recording the deaths as being the result of a road crash, the coroner extended his sympathies to the relatives of the two soldiers and again commended all those who had attempted to save them.
Two spacecraft have been ordered at a cost of roughly 550m euros (Â£405m). They will be built at the aerospace giant's factories in Portsmouth and Stevenage in southern England. Inmarsat specialises in providing mobile connections to ships, planes, oil and gas platforms, and the broadcasting industry. <mask_1> <mask_1> These connections are handled today by the Inmarsat-4 series, which was launched in 2005. The expectation is that these earlier platforms will be operational until at least 2020, by which time the I-6s should be ready for lift-off. Inmarsat's decision to place the order with Airbus is a major boost for UK space manufacturing. <mask_1> It will also be regarded as a very positive return on the strategy pursued by ministers and the UK Space Agency, who have targeted R&D investments in the telecoms sector. This has seen, for example, the development of state-of-the-art digital signal processors for satellites that can channel significant bandwidth and power to specific locations on the ground at the drop of a hat. In addition to being more capable than the I-4s, the I-6s will differ in two key respects. One is their frequency of operation. As well as the L-band, which is where Inmarsat has many legacy services, the new satellites will carry a Ka-band payload. <mask_1>  Inmarsat recently launched an I-5 series of satellites. These all operate in Ka. The other big difference from the I-4s, and indeed the I-5s, will be the new satellites' architecture. They will be what are called "all-electric" spacecraft. This means they will use an ion engine to manoeuvre themselves once they come off the top of the launch rocket. This is normally done with a large chemical thruster, but a significant mass saving can be made if the final orbital positioning is done using an engine that spits out a stream of charged gas. Such ion engines, although extremely efficient, do however take longer to achieve the task in hand, resulting in a delay of several months to get the satellite on-station. The plus side for the satellite owner is that they can use the mass saving either to select a smaller, cheaper rocket or to add additional payload capability. Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
Parnell joined for the group stage of the T20 Blast, taking six wickets in seven games. The 25-year-old plays his final game against Somerset on Sunday, before joining South Africa's T20 squad in Bangladesh. "Hopefully in the future I can come back here either with the South African team or back with Glamorgan," he said. "It depends on what is available for me. Either another T20 stint or something longer. "I have really enjoyed my time. It's a really beautiful city [Cardiff] as well and good people who have made me feel at home. <mask_1> <mask_1> It has been a mixed season for Glamorgan, who have won their last four County Championship Division Two fixtures to put themselves in promotion contention. <mask_1> "They have good potential. I have seen some guys play some good innings and the bowlers have done well also," he added. "Michael Hogan and Waggy [Graham Wagg] have a lot of experience and someone like Andrew Salter had done well as a youngster and shown what a gutsy cricketer he is. I expect big things from him in the future."
The 33-year-old, who attended school in the city, was elected unopposed and assumes the role with immediate effect. Mr Beaumont succeeds Dundee-born actor Brian Cox, who was elected in 2010 and served two terms. Mr Beaumont previously held the record for cycling around the world, completing the route in 194 days and 17 hours. <mask_1> "Six years ago I sat in the audience at the Caird Hall as Brian Cox stepped into the role and I remember his words about making a real difference. <mask_1> "I look forward to playing my part in the University of Dundee's many future triumphs." Mr Beaumont will be formally installed as rector in a ceremony to be arranged for a later date. The rector is elected to serve the students' interests, including at the University Court, the governing body of the institution. The university's principal and vice-chancellor, Professor Sir Pete Downes, said: "I am delighted to welcome Mark Beaumont into the university community, and I am sure he will be an excellent representative for our students."
The Commission on Widening Access said there was an "undeniable case for change" on the issue. But it acknowledged the move would be "divisive", with concerns that middle-class students could be displaced. The commission was set up by the first minister last year. It was tasked with advising the Scottish government on how best to achieve its goal of ending the big gap between the number of students from wealthy and deprived backgrounds going to university. The commission's interim report said there had been "steady progress" on the issue over the past decade. <mask_1> <mask_1> But it stated: "There is increasingly strong evidence that with the right support, bright students from deprived backgrounds can enhance, rather than jeopardise, academic excellence." The report said other opposing viewpoints included: But it added: "Unless we are prepared to accept the notion that Scotland's talent is concentrated in its most affluent communities, it is clear that, through accident of birth, a whole section of Scottish society has nothing like an equal opportunity to maximise their talent and reap the benefits of higher education. "We believe that this is fundamentally unfair and that the ultimate goal of widening access should be to eliminate socioeconomic inequality. "Equality of access is not just a passport to a better life for individuals; it is also a passport to a fairer, better Scotland." The report also said there was strong evidence that parental experience of higher education was one of the most influential factors in determining the likelihood of a child entering university. <mask_1> <mask_1> Graduates benefit from higher wages, significantly improved health outcomes and a higher life expectancy. "We believe that Scotland has a moral duty to ensure that these opportunities are distributed fairly." The commission's final report is expected to be submitted next year. The interim report was welcomed by Education Secretary Angela Constance, who said more needed to be done to tackle inequality in education despite the progress that had been made in recent years. A spokeswoman for Universities Scotland said: "Contextual admissions can help with this and it is one of many tools, but definitely not a silver bullet, that universities can use to help widen access. "Universities will always look for the best and brightest applicants - our quality and excellence is very important to us and absolutely will not be compromised - but we are open-minded about what best and brightest actually means."
Scotland's chief statistician estimated services grew by 0.5% and production by 0.3% between April and June, while construction contracted by 1.9%. UK output as a whole grew by 0.7% over the same period. <mask_1> In the first three months of the year, there was no growth in Scotland. Scottish GDP per person - which takes population changes into account - grew by 0.3% during the second quarter, compared with 0.4% for the UK. <mask_1> However, that was "tempered" by contractions in the construction and production industries, especially electricity and gas, following the closure in March of Scotland's last coal-fired power station. <mask_1> The economic report added: "As this was a one-off closure it will not have an ongoing impact on the growth of the Scottish economy." Reacting to the figures, Scottish Chambers of Commerce chief executive Liz Cameron said it was "good news" that Scotland's economic growth rate had increased but added that there was "still a great deal of work to be done". She said: "To put this in perspective, the Scottish economy has grown in a year at almost the same rate that the UK economy has grown in just three months. "These figures underline the fact that Scotland's economic performance has been significantly lower than that of the UK as a whole for a full year and, whilst we are now seeing welcome growth in our production and service sectors, construction has been contracting at a significant rate for two consecutive quarters." Colin Borland, head of external affairs in Scotland for the Federation of Small Businesses, said: "These pre-referendum statistics might feel like a history lesson, but they teach us that Scottish growth was weak even before June's historic vote. "Scotland needs to strive for growth levels at least as good as the UK average. "We look forward to the SNP talking business when they meet in Glasgow this week. "In addition, the UK government needs to put the welfare of the economy at the top of its priority list as it formulates its approach to leaving the EU. "The litmus test for every Brexit policy must be the impact on our high streets, small businesses and local communities."
The rate of deforestation has increased so much that Indonesia has for the first time surpassed Brazil in the rate of its clearance of tropical forests. The study was published in the journal Nature Climate Change. Scientists monitored the growth of deforested land in Indonesia between 2000 and 2012 using satellites. They say the land was cleared to make way for palm oil plantations and other farms. <mask_1> In that year, Indonesia lost 8,400 sq km of forest compared to Brazil which lost 4,600 sq km. <mask_1> Indonesia has 10% of the world's plants and 12% of the world's mammals. It is known for its diverse wildlife which includes orangutans and Sumatran tigers. <mask_1> But environmental activists say corrupt politicians are quick to sell off huge swathes of rainforests for profit, and they point to the need for more monitoring and sanctions to stop the rate at which Indonesia is losing its forests, says the BBC's Karishma Vaswani. Massive forest fires in Indonesia to clear land last year caused a heavy smog to blanket neighbouring Malaysia and Singapore, triggering health concerns in those countries. Norway has pledged a billion dollars to Indonesia if it can prove it is serious about stopping deforestation. Agencies report that Norway has paid almost $50 million to Indonesia to help set up new institutions to reduce deforestation. But Indonesia will only start to get large amounts of money if deforestation is slowed down.
The 23-year-old, in his eighth Test, was dropped three times but reached an entertaining hundred from 104 balls. England claimed two wickets in five balls early on but left-hander De Kock shared in stands of 50 and 82 and was unbeaten on 129 as his team made 475. In reply Alex Hales fell cheaply but Alastair Cook held firm with 67. South Africa resumed on 329-5 with De Kock on 29 and added 146 runs in 42 overs before they were bowled out midway through the afternoon session. Media playback is not supported on this device Fast bowler Kagiso Rabada claimed two early England wickets, trapping Nick Compton for 19 with one that pitched halfway down the wicket but hit barely above the boots. The increasingly uneven bounce will give South Africa, who have already lost the series, hope of a consolation victory. England's new opener Hales, playing his seventh Test innings, struck three fluent boundaries in his 15 from 14 balls, with consecutive attractive strokes to the fence through the off-side off the back foot. But in the sixth over he skewed a loose drive, which was comfortably caught at backward point. Former England captain Michael Vaughan told Test Match Special: "It was a terrible dismissal. <mask_1> <mask_1> Hales, who has passed 50 only once in seven innings in the series, is the eighth opening partner for Cook since the retirement of former skipper Andrew Strauss in 2012. The current captain showed a welcome return to form, however, looking assured in his first fifty of the series - and the 47th of his Test career - and is only 50 short of becoming the first England player to score 10,000 Test runs. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> On 80, De Kock edged the luckless Chris Woakes and bisected wicketkeeper Jonny Bairstow and wide first slip Alastair Cook, neither of whom went for the catch. Ten runs later, De Kock's drive at Moeen Ali went through the hands of Cook at short extra-cover. The left-hander played an array of shots all around the wicket and was particularly severe on Moeen Ali. He scored 45 runs off the spinner in only 28 balls, including two mighty leg-side sixes, one of which nearly landed on a cameraman behind the long-on boundary. Former South Africa wicketkeeper Mark Boucher: "The pitch is not going to get any better; those cracks are going to widen. Batting from now on is going to be hard graft. In the last innings it will be a real lottery. "You do feel that if South Africa get it right in a session, they will do some proper damage. You could have a session where England go 60-4." Ex-England skipper Michael Vaughan: "There's going to be more low bounce over the next three days. You're under a lot of pressure when a team gets 475 on the board - you're only one bad session away from losing the match. "If England get out of this Test with something, they'll have done brilliantly."
<mask_1> Londonderry's city seat had been coveted by the SDLP since their party founder John Hume was elected in 1983. All 18 of Northern Ireland's MPs have been confirmed with the SDLP and Ulster Unionist Party the biggest losers. At the last general election in 2015, Mr Durkan was 8,000 votes clear of his nearest rival with 42% of the vote. "I cannot tell a lie," he said in his concession speech. "I cannot say it doesn't hurt but I absolutely want to begin by congratulating Elisha McCallion and agreeing with her that what she has achieved tonight is a privilege, to represent the people of this city." The Foyle turnout was 65.60% - up from 53.58% two years ago. While not exactly a political newcomer, Ms McCallion only became an MLA at Stormont earlier this year following the death of Martin McGuinness. In an emotional speech after the result, she recognised Mr Durkan's contribution to political life in the North West. <mask_1> "But I can't not express my extreme delight at being the first ever republican MP ever elected in this city." <mask_1> He also felt that a reluctance from other parties to engage in a "progressive alliance" along pro-EU lines had been damaging. "We were faced with a huge effort and a huge spend by Sinn Féin, they targeted the constituency very well and put huge resources in here," he told the BBC. "It's a big part of it, if we can't match that spend or that spin." SDLP leader Colum Eastwood, who also hails from Derry, will now have a big job on his hands to pick the party up from their Westminster whitewash. Stephen Pound, the Labour MP for Ealing North and shadow minister for Northern Ireland, said Mr Durkan's loss from the house of Commons would be keenly felt. <mask_1> "He was one of the few people that made everybody stop rustling the papers and look up when he started speaking, he'll be missed greatly. "We've lost a unique voice. He was a damn fine speaker and a very, very good friend."
HMP Shrewsbury, also known as the Dana, was one of a number of prisons shut by the Ministry of Justice last March in a bid to save about Â£63m a year. Bids from private companies are being invited. <mask_1> He said it could become flats or a hotel. "We can expect the prison to find an imaginative and, we hope, useful new purpose", he said.
It will cease operation at the end of August, after being told it would no longer receive legal aid funding. The Legal Aid Agency (LAA) ruled the firm had breached contractual requirements. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the firm's closure was the "right outcome for our armed forces". The LAA took its decision after reviewing information submitted by the firm, following a Solicitors Regulation Authority investigation. PIL, which has offices in London and Birmingham, represented complainants in the Â£31m Al-Sweady inquiry into a 2004 battle in southern Iraq. The firm was criticised when the inquiry's 2014 report concluded that the subsequent war crimes allegations were based on "deliberate lies, reckless speculation and ingrained hostility". That report concluded the behaviour of some soldiers towards detainees breached the Geneva convention, but was highly critical of the claims it was initially set up to investigate. These were that Iraqi detainees had been murdered, mutilated and tortured following the Battle of Danny Boy on 14 May 2004 near Al Amarah in southern Iraq. The report found that British forces responded to a deadly ambush by insurgents with "exemplary courage, resolution and professionalism". And it suggested some detainees - all described as members or supporters of the Mahdi Army insurgent group - lied about the most serious allegations, so as to discredit the British armed forces. In 2010 PIL called for a full public inquiry into allegations made by 142 Iraqi civilians that they were abused by British soldiers in southern Iraq. <mask_1> He also called for a single inquiry into the UK's detention policy in Iraq. <mask_1> It submitted the bid along with the European Center for Constitutional and Human Rights. Speaking at the time, Mr Shiner said the move was "about individual criminal accountability for war crimes". It led to an initial investigation into claims that UK forces abused Iraqi detainees being opened by the ICC. And in September 2015 PIL and the ECCHR submitted further evidence, which the ICC says added "substantively to the allegations... expanding the list of alleged crimes in relation to new cases of alleged detainee abuses". Mr Fallon said the UK's armed forces "show bravery and dedication in difficult circumstances". "For too long, we've seen our legal system abused to impugn them falsely. We are now seeing progress and we will be announcing further measures to stamp out this practice." A Number 10 spokesman said: "We made a manifesto commitment to addressing these types of spurious claims that companies like PIL are pursuing. <mask_1> <mask_1>
Patricia O'Donnell, head of Clarksfield Primary School, Oldham, also alleged she had received death threats. <mask_1> The report would remain confidential, the council said. Councillor Amanda Chadderton, cabinet member for education and early years, said: "We take any allegations about our schools very seriously and always investigate in the interests of pupils, staff and parents. "The report into an Oldham primary school found no basis to 'Trojan Horse' allegations." The Sunday Times story also referred to a counter-extremism official raising concerns over two other schools in Oldham - Horton Mill and Oldham Academy North. Ms Chadderton added: "At this time, we also have no active investigations or concerns about any of the other schools the Sunday Times has asked about." <mask_1> According to Sunday Times article, Islamic teaching sessions were hosted on school premises, a parents' petition was organised against the head teacher and objections were raised to activities including Hindi music being played in class and sex education. The school - which has more than 450 pupils, predominantly of Pakistani heritage - is rated as "good" by Ofsted. The National Association for Head Teachers (NAHT) union said it was currently supporting a number of members in the Oldham area with a variety of "Trojan Horse" allegations. A "Trojan Horse" inquiry in Birmingham centred around anonymous allegations which claimed there was a plot by Islamist hard-liners to take control of several schools in the city. The allegations sparked investigations by several agencies, including the Department for Education and Ofsted.
Statistics gained under the Freedom of Information Act show nine councils have reduced how much they plan to spend. It has led to concern that vulnerable groups are denied support some carers call "light at the end of the tunnel". The Welsh Government said it was up to councils to ensure they had necessary respite placements. According to figures provided by 21 of the 22 local authorities to BBC Wales, cuts have been made to defined respite budgets in Blaenau Gwent, Ceredigion, Neath Port Talbot, Newport, Swansea and Torfaen. <mask_1> In several other counties the budget for respite in 2011-12 was up on last year, but in some cases represented a cut on previous years. No figures were provided by Anglesey council. <mask_1> In 2009-10 it spent over £680,000, but this year the budget is less that £108,000. Director of social services Chris Maggs admits the council is operating in a tough financial climate, but insists the changes will improve choice. "We're faced with some incredible challenges as local authorities, and we obviously need to look at how we use all of our resources." said Mr Maggs. <mask_1> "What we're doing is re-using our money," he said. "Whilst it is true that we're reducing the total amount of money, we're also improving the range of services we have by using our existing services in a different way, so it maximises what we've actually got." But the potential changes have angered some families who depend on respite care. Suzanne Hayes, from Rhossili, near Swansea, is a carer for her 27-year-old stepson John, who has cerebral palsy. She described the six weeks of respite allocation they are given every year as "light at the end of a tunnel", but she feels strongly that the family need more support. "John needs to have breaks because he can mix with different people," she said. "We live in a beautiful area, but it is very isolating for John." The short respite breaks also give the family time to recover while John is away. "It's not the big things, it's going for a coffee. It's having your own knife and fork in your hands, because we have to feed John." <mask_1> "For individual families if a respite service which they've relied on gets cut, that's a real problem," said director Roz Williamson. "But for most families, the problem is that they can't get access to anything - so the qualification for getting any help from a local authority keeps going up and up and up - so most families get nothing." A consultation on the future of respite care in Wales has recently closed, following an independent review which said there was "a strong case for funding more outcome focussed respite services in Wales". <mask_1> A spokesperson said: "We are protecting the social services budget through the local government settlement. Funding for social services will increase in cash terms by £35m by 2013-14. <mask_1>
Janse, 30, is an ex-Netherlands Under-21 international and previously played for Italian Serie B side Ternana. He predominantly plays at right-back but he can play anywhere across the back four and on the right of midfield. <mask_1> Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
He was told about the political revenge plot at a 9/11 memorial service two days after the lanes were blocked, a former aide testified in federal court. David Wildstein, who pleaded guilty to the scheme last year, recounted his discussion with Mr Christie on Tuesday. The New Jersey governor has repeatedly denied knowing about the lane closures. <mask_1> Mr Christie allegedly laughed and responded in a sarcastic tone: "I would imagine that he wouldn't be getting his phone calls returned." The Port Authority oversees airports, tunnels and bridges in the New York area. The fall and fall of Chris Christie <mask_1> The two former aides are charged with conspiring to misuse Port Authority property to punish Mayor Sokolich, a Democrat. Mr Christie, who was once considered a favourite for the Republican presidential nominations, first became embroiled in the scandal in January 2014, when revelations from a series of emails and texts showed that traffic congestion on the George Washington Bridge may have been more than just routine maintenance. Mr Christie's administration justified the closures as part of a traffic study, but Port Authority officials later said the study did not exist. The congestion ended after five days, when an aide to New York's Democratic Governor Andrew Cuomo reopened the lanes over concerns of public safety. <mask_1> <mask_1> Mr Wildstein avoided going to trial by pleading guilty to charges of conspiracy to commit fraud on a federally funded property and a civil rights violation. Ms Kelly and Mr Baroni have pleaded not guilty to the charges. Mr Wildstein's dramatic testimony follows weeks of renewed questions over whether Mr Christie was aware of the political retribution. After the governor dropped out of the Republican primary race earlier this year, concerns over "Bridgegate" were overshadowed by his surprising move to endorse his former rival, Donald Trump, for the White House. <mask_1> Prosecutors revealed photographs of Mr Wildstein, Mr Baroni and the governor laughing together at the 2013 memorial service, suggesting that they were taken during the conversation about the bridge closure. At an event in Trenton, New Jersey later on Tuesday, the governor again denied any knowledge. "I had no knowledge prior to or during" the closures, he said. "There's been no evidence ever put forward that I did. <mask_1> "He just flat out lied about senior staff and [former campaign manager Bill Stepien] not being involved," she allegedly texted, referring to comments Mr Christie made during a news conference that year. Republicans are probably thanking their lucky stars - as much as they can these days - that Donald Trump didn't go with what was reportedly his gut instinct and pick Chris Christie to be his vice-presidential running mate. If the New Jersey governor had ended up on the ticket, the party would be facing a huge "Bridgegate" distraction on the eve of the one and only vice-presidential debate. Of more proximate concern for Mr Christie at this point is that the latest revelations will make it increasingly difficult for him to have any sort of high-profile job in a possible Trump administration. He would likely be savaged by the Senate if he stood for confirmation for a Cabinet position such as attorney general. Given that the unpopular Christie has little future in New Jersey elective politics, the "Bridgegate" trial could be closing his only lane to continued political relevance.
Lost and homeless, in a city he doesn't know, you'd forgive him for cursing his luck from time to time. But Paddington is the politest of bears and would surely never say anything bad, right? However, the family adventure about a talking bear has been awarded a PG certificate instead of a U. Here's why: <mask_1> Enough to warrant an appearance on Scott Mills's Innuendo Bingo? Probably not. But there's one sequence highlighted by the BBFC where "a man disguised as a woman is flirted with by another man." Let's be honest unless you're a Paddington superfan, have children or have a teddy bear obsession, you're probably not going to go and see this film. It's primarily been made for kids - and it follows that kids copy things they see on the big screen. So what are the BBFC trying to stop these impressionable young viewers from doing? Well, there's one scene where "Paddington (is) hiding from a villain inside a refrigerator." <mask_1> Our loveable hero is also seen "riding on a skateboard while holding onto a bus, as well as a brief scene of a boy strapping fireworks to his shoes." Who would possibly want to hurt a cute, cuddly bear like Paddington? Nicole Kidman, that's who. <mask_1> And (spoiler alert), she comes close too. Viewers will see our pawed protagonist spread unconscious on a table, while an evil taxidermist prepares tools nearby. But it's not just in London that Paddington needs to keep his wits about him. <mask_1> On the whole Paddington is as sweet as the marmalade he devours. His manners are immaculate, barring the odd dining table faux pas, but there is one solitary "mumbled use of 'bloody'" which is enough to cause concern for the BBFC. <mask_1> The board defended its decision and said its guidelines are reviewed every four to five years. "The most recent review of the guidelines, in 2013, involved more than 10,000 member of the public from across the UK. "The 2013 review found that 92% of film viewers agreed with the classification of films and videos they had seen recently." Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
Bristolian Tavare 26, has signed until the end of the 2019 season, while South African Van Buuren, also 26, has signed until the end of the 2018 campaign. "It's great to see both players committed to the club for the long term," said head coach Richard Dawson. "Will and Graeme are still developing their skills and will add strength and depth to the squad." Van Buuren was signed from South African side Titans earlier this year and qualifies as a non-overseas player because his wife has a British passport. <mask_1> "I am over the moon and very grateful to be spending the next couple of years in Bristol and can't wait for the 2017 season to start."
<mask_1> In December 2015 a patient sustained serious injuries during a fall from a low roof at the Winchester hospital run by Southern Health. The CQC said the alleged offence by the trust was failing to provide safe care and treatment to a service user. Melbury Lodge treats people with severe mental health problems. The case is expected to be heard later in the year by Basingstoke Magistrates' Court.
The schools which will be upgraded are Applegrove in Forres, Millbank in Buckie, Seafield in Elgin and St Gerardine in Lossiemouth. Refurbishment will include new roof coverings, windows and doors, new toilets and modernised heating and electrical systems. Work will begin in the summer break, with completion slated for spring 2017. The programme is being funded by a £10m government grant, with the rest being provided by Moray Council. <mask_1>
Linda Norgrove, from Lewis, had been working in Afghanistan when she was seized by rebels in September 2010. She was killed during a rescue attempt by US special forces. <mask_1> Last year, Ascend supported a team of 13 women climbed three peaks over 16,000 feet, including one previously unclimbed mountain which they subsequently named. As they did not have enough boots for everyone, the women climbed in two teams, one getting use of the boots before swapping over so the others could go up. Linda's mother, Lorna Norgrove, said: "We were hugely impressed by what this project is doing for women's empowerment in Afghanistan. News of their achievements has already reached more than 4 million Afghan women and the project is changing the lives of these young women for ever. "I think the project particularly resonated with us because as a family we are all keen hillwalkers and climbers. "We know Linda would have loved this project and we're sure that it will appeal to the many people in the UK who enjoy climbing the hills and mountains. <mask_1> The Lewis-based foundation raise funds for projects that benefit women and children in Afghanistan.
The four-piece group and their manager, who were aged between 19 and 32, died in the early hours of 13 February following a gig in Stockholm. Their car crashed into a raised section of a bridge and plummeted into a canal. The inquest heard no alcohol or drugs was found in the blood of manager Craig Tarry, 32, who was driving. Post-mortem examinations also showed the four band members had not taken drugs and had only consumed small amounts of alcohol. The band's agent Graham Bennett told the inquest at Warrington Coroner's Court that the up-and-coming group were in Sweden for a festival showcasing young artists. Viola Beach had already played at the Reading and Leeds festivals last year and the Stockholm event was their first gig outside the UK. After the performance, they were travelling in a black Nissan Qashqai near the SÃ¶dertÃ¤lje Canal, about 18 miles from the capital, when a bridge was raised to let a boat pass underneath. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> It continued through a second set of barriers - 30m from the drop into the canal - and hit the raised section of the bridge before plummeting 25m, hitting the water within 15 seconds. The court heard a tanker using the canal, which had requested the bridge to be lifted, then passed over the crash spot and "contact" with the car could not be ruled out. The crew of a passing boat saw the car fall but initially thought it was ice. Technical examinations did not find any errors with the car, barrier system or the procedure for raising the bridge. One warning light on the bridge was out of order but there were at least 10 warning lights and flashing signals, the inquest heard. Although the road was wet, it was not frozen with ice. Post-mortem examinations found that all died from head injuries apart from Mr Lowe whose cause of death was given as drowning. <mask_1> Cheshire Coroner Nicholas Rheinberg said "none of the young men will have suffered" as they died. The Swedish authorities have recommended improvements to the crossing, including LED signs and cameras on the bridge. In the wake of their deaths, the band's first single Swings & Waterslides reached number 11, while their song Boys That Sing was performed by Coldplay in a tribute at Glastonbury. Posthumously, Viola Beach scored a number one album in August. The self-titled debut was compiled by the band's families, using live sessions and studio recordings, many of which were originally bound for an EP. After the crash, a statement from the families of the band said: "We are tremendously proud of everything the boys achieved in such a short space of time. "Craig, Jack, Kris, River and Tom shared a huge passion, talent and dedication to music."
The new rates will be implemented in October and will benefit a million workers. <mask_1> It is the first time in six years that the rise will be higher than inflation. The rate for 18 to 20-year-olds will go up by 10p to £5.13 an hour, a 2% increase. The rate for those aged 16 and 17 will rise by 7p to £3.79, also a 2% rise. Apprentices will earn an extra 5p an hour, taking their wages to at least £2.73. The consumer prices index (CPI) rate of inflation is currently 1.9%. "The recommendations I have accepted today mean that low-paid workers will enjoy the biggest cash increase in their take-home pay since 2008," said Mr Cable. He also suggested that all companies should consider helping their staff to share in the fruits of an improving economy. "I urge businesses to consider how all their staff - not just those on the minimum wage - can enjoy the benefits of recovery," he said. <mask_1> Professor Sir George Bain, founding chair of the Low Pay Commission, said the benchmark was a "child of its times" when launched in 1999. But speaking to BBC Newsnight on Wednesday, he said it had become a "blunt instrument" and that many employers could now afford to pay their workers much more. "If you set it at the 'living wage', which is about £7.65 an hour, you would cause massive unemployment in areas like retail and social care," Sir George added. "But there's only about five sectors where this is true. There's a whole range of sectors where you could easily afford to pay more than the minimum wage." Sir George, who has chaired a review of the minimum wage for think-tank the Resolution Foundation, also said there should be a "special case for London to have a higher national minimum". His report also recommends that the Low Pay Commission give longer-term forecasts for the benchmark, to help employers plan for the future. The latest rise means the national minimum wage is still well below the definition of low pay, as set by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). This equates to two-thirds of the median full-time hourly wage - about £7.71 an hour. About five million UK workers currently earn below that level. The latest figure is also well below the living wage, which is £8.80 per hour in London, and £7.65 in the rest of the country. "Across the country, people are struggling to make ends meet," said Dave Prentice, the head of the Unison trade union. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Unite, the country's biggest trade union, said the rise announced was "timid". "To make matters even worse, George Osborne cruelly held out hope that the rate would rise to £7," said Len McCluskey, Unite's general secretary. "The government claims it is on the side of working people but companies are sitting on a cash mountain of £500bn and they should be forced to share more of it with the lowest paid," he added.
<mask_1> It's a bright and windy day in Stoke-on-Trent. The town has been at the centre of the political spotlight for weeks now, but people seem more interested in discussing the aftermath of Storm Doris than the small matter of Stoke Central's by-election result. This staunch working class community was once passionately behind Labour. In 1951, more than 60,000 went to the polls - 34,260 backing Labour. Rather than feel victorious about Gareth Snell's win, Labour voters willing to talk simply seem relieved Paul Nuttall didn't clinch it. In all, 7,853 voted for Mr Snell, compared to 5,233 who wanted UKIP to win. Wendy Wright, 51, from Newcastle-under-Lyme, thought the vote for UKIP may have been higher had it not been for its disastrous campaign. "I'm not surprised Labour won because of the way UKIP handled the campaign," she said. <mask_1> <mask_1> Ms Wright said there had not been a high turnout because "people aren't interested in politics". She said: "They've kind of lost faith and lost hope. They think, what's the point, nothing's going to change. "It's a deprived area and it's a shame because the people are so welcoming and friendly." Veronica Millington, 71, from Blythe Bridge, said she and husband Anthony, 75, were "Labour through and through". <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> They seemed to promise them so much and people saw it as a new chance really. "It was only when all the lies came out they saw how many wrong things had been said." Mr Millington, 75, expressed concern about why so few people bothered to go to the polls. <mask_1> "They thought the Labour Party would win. Now whether or not they've had a jolt from the outsider now, I don't know." For a city that has had such a strong relationship with the Labour party, the changing political landscape over the past seven decades reveals a lot about the strength of feeling in the community. Labour has won all 18 elections since since the inception of the Stoke Central constituency, with the Conservatives coming second until 2001. <mask_1> So why did this city of proud, working class voters fall out of love with Labour? "Things started to change because of a growing alienation of the people of Stoke-on-Trent from Westminster," says Prof Mick Temple from Staffordshire University. "Industry was decimated in the 1980s - coal, steel and the Potteries. "When I first came here [in the early 90s] infrastructure was poor, schools were poor and still today, unemployment is higher than the national average." From the closure of Shelton Steel Works - where 10,000 once worked - to the shrinking of its famous pottery industry, the people of Stoke-on-Trent have lived through some turbulent times. But the bleak images of derelict factories and houses often shown by the media are not a true reflection of the passion and pride of a community that is fiercely proud of its heritage. Data shows 6.2% of adults in Stoke Central claim unemployment benefit, far higher than the national average of 3.8%. In recent years employers such as Bet365, Michelin Tyres and Goodwin have invested millions of pounds into their businesses, providing jobs for thousands of people. Hanley's famous pottery industry is also enjoying something of a resurgence, with Emma Bridgewater investing more than Â£1m in its thriving ceramics factory. Middleport Pottery, home of world-famous Burleigh, is in the national spotlight thanks to the success of BBC Two's The Great Pottery Throw Down. Millions of pounds are being spent regenerating the city. For many people though, the investment has been too little, too late. "The feeling is that the city has been passed by Westminster and the EU, and that is why people voted Leave so overwhelmingly," says Prof Temple. "There are many towns in the north of England where people feel the same - areas that are ripe for UKIP." From 2005, the BNP and UKIP began to resonate with voters, coming fourth and fifth in that year's election and again in 2010. By 2015, UKIP had won so much support its candidate Mick Harold came second to Tristram Hunt for a seat that had the lowest voter turnout in the whole of the UK. Pub owner Tony Flackett, 69, backed Paul Nuttall in Thursday's poll. "It feels sad, it's such a shame, they've worked really hard and people have come from all over the country. "I've always voted for Conservatives but the last two years I voted UKIP because of Brexit and immigration. "But life goes on and at least they reduced the margin." <mask_1> "I think Labour winning is very bad news for Stoke-on-Trent. "There has been years of neglect in Stoke with money spent only on Hanley. <mask_1> UKIP has made moves to appeal to former Labour voters, as well as those who formerly backed the Tories. "They're more pro-State, pro-NHS. They recognise that strong nationalistic message supported by the working class," says Prof Temple. Between the 2001 and 2011 Censuses, the non-white population doubled and there was a relatively high population of Muslims, he said. "I'm not saying the response was a racist one - Stoke-on-Trent was getting less and less money from the government and the EU and the feeling was the traditional working class community was being overtaken. "Many working class voters felt they could not express their views within the Labour party. "The BNP and UKIP gave them a chance to say how they felt." <mask_1> <mask_1> "I'm ashamed really that I didn't use my vote, but I almost don't think I invest enough in politics to make an informed decision," he said. "I don't think young people are engaged in politics. I think they are more so recently because of what's happened in America. "I read about Paul Nuttall and some of his views and policies and I don't believe it's what we need here." <mask_1> "Stoke is doing great without those kinds of ideas. <mask_1> "Stoke is showing signs of change and getting in line with cities like Manchester. <mask_1> "I hate that stigma that Stoke isn't a nice place to live. "It doesn't do the place justice. It's a beautiful city steeped in history." And Prof Temple agrees. "It's a much more attractive place," he said. "I've been here for 24 years, I've lived all around the world and this is the friendliest, most coherent community I've ever known. "Stoke-on-Trent has an identity most places in the UK have lost. "There's a very strong sense of community. It's a place where friendship and family is still strong."
Under-20s coach Murty has been in charge for three Premiership matches following Mark Warburton's departure. And his side responded to defeats at Dundee and Inverness CT by beating St Johnstone 3-2 at Ibrox for his first Premiership win in charge. "He's been brilliant," said midfielder Hyndman, who scored the late winner again Saints on Wednesday night. "It's always a tough position as a kind of interim manager, especially with the way things have gone," on-loan Bournemouth midfielder Hyndman added. "But I credit him for coming in and establishing what he wants us to do. I think the boys got behind him quite well. <mask_1> Rangers are expected to appoint a new head coach next week, after Saturday's Scottish Cup quarter-final at home to Hamilton Academical. And with the Premiership gap between third-placed Rangers and second-placed Aberdeen now cut to six points, USA international Hyndman says there is still plenty to play for this term. "Of course there is," he said. "We saw the Aberdeen result the other night (1-0 defeat at Hamilton) but we're just focused on ourselves at the same time. "We need to get ourselves right and I think we took our first step against Saints. It was about the three points, it wasn't about how we got it. "After recent results we've had it was very important we got three points on the board and thankfully we did that." Fellow loan player Jon Toral, who joined Rangers from Arsenal in January, was also keen to praise Murty. "It was massive for Graeme on Wednesday," said the Spaniard. <mask_1> "At the minute we are just thinking about the cup tie on Saturday and then whatever happens happens. <mask_1>
A report by technology news site Gizmodo said staff responsible for what was shown to Facebook's 1.6bn users frequently chose to bury articles they did not agree with. Responding to the allegations, the network's head of search Tom Stocky wrote that the site "found no evidence that the anonymous allegations are true". The claims come weeks after Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg publicly denounced the policies of likely US presidential nominee, Donald Trump. "I hear fearful voices calling for building walls and distancing people they label as 'others.'," the 31-year-old said at his firm's recent developers conference. However, Facebook insisted Mr Zuckerberg's view did not influence what stories are given added visibility on the network. <mask_1> It is designed to highlight what subjects are being discussed heavily by Facebook users around the world. Facebook explained in a statement that this list was edited by humans so as to avoid regularly recurring popular topics - such as "lunch". <mask_1> <mask_1> Gizmodo's source added that staff were told to seek out stories published on the BBC, CNN and other mainstream sites ahead of publications with a clearly stated political bias - even if the stories originated on those smaller outlets. Also, if several mainstream media sites were covering the same story, Facebook would - according to the source - artificially place it in the Trending Topic column, even if it was not being discussed heavily by users. <mask_1> The anonymous source also claimed that stories staff favoured - such as the Black Lives Matter movement - were given artificially greater prominence. Facebook said that this was "untrue". After a day of growing reports across social media and in conservative-leaning publications, Facebook's Mr Stocky posted a response on his profile. "We have in place strict guidelines for our trending topic reviewers as they audit topics surfaced algorithmically," he wrote. "Reviewers are required to accept topics that reflect real world events, and are instructed to disregard junk or duplicate topics, hoaxes, or subjects with insufficient sources. "Facebook does not allow or advise our reviewers to systematically discriminate against sources of any ideological origin and we've designed our tools to make that technically not feasible. "At the same time, our reviewers' actions are logged and reviewed, and violating our guidelines is a fireable offense." On Monday, Gizmodo's story about Facebook's Trending Topics section being biased was featured prominently in Facebook's Trending Topics section. Follow Dave Lee on Twitter @DaveLeeBBC and on Facebook
<mask_1> Grantown cannot be reached by train today, but on 3 August's anniversary a steam locomotive will pull a train from Aviemore as far as Broomhill. Passengers wearing Victorian clothing will travel free. <mask_1> It hopes to eventually add three more miles of track (4.8km) to reconnect Aviemore with Grantown-on-Spey. The platform at Aviemore will be decorated for next weekend's anniversary celebrations. The Earl of Dysart, Johnnie Grant, will send off the train. John Davison, of Boat of Garten, is among the railway enthusiasts encouraging travellers to dress as Victorians by wearing a lum hat and tail coat. Strathspey Steam Railway's publicity officer, Hendy Pollock, said: "I expect that participants who join in the 'spirit' of this celebratory event will have the most fun and have a very memorable day." He suggested that people view internet footage of film director Danny Boyle's opening ceremony for the 2012 London Olympics for ideas on Victorian attire. The ceremony featured actor Kenneth Branagh as Victorian engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel.
A court granted an eviction order to the theatre's owners on technical grounds. The comedian can stay there pending an appeal. Dieudonne has several convictions for anti-Semitism, hate speech and glorifying terrorism. His most recent was after the Islamist attack in January on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. The theatre's owners said his current theatre company had no right to the lease, which had been made out to the previous incarnation of the company. Several French cities have banned the comedian from performing. <mask_1> He insists he is not anti-Semitic.
<mask_1> <mask_1> He said astronaut training had been rigorous and involved retaining immense quantities of information. Tim Peake is the first Briton to be selected as an astronaut for the European Space Agency, through a route backed by the UK government. He was in Houston, Texas, when he spoke live to schoolchildren at Queen's Park Primary School in West London. The event was organised as part of a UK Space Agency programme called Esero, which is designed to use space to help enhance science education. <mask_1> "It's always very apparent to me, wherever I'm travelling, whether it be Houston, here, or Russia, that you're wearing the flag and you're representing your country." <mask_1> He will be accompanied on the launch from Baikonur Cosmodrome by the American astronaut Timothy Kopra and the Russian Yuri Malenchenko. The Briton said the training was now "ramping up" as the 15 December launch date approached. "The training is a long process and we've covered such a huge variety of subjects. One of the main challenges is actually being able to retain all of that information over a two-and-a-half-year period," he said. "I'm in the final six months before launch and we're just focusing on the essentials of the Soyuz spacecraft, emergency training... and scientific payloads that are going to be on the space station." Pupils who listened to Major Peake talk, and got the opportunity to ask him questions, seemed to be impressed by the experience. Abdullah Hashim, who is 10, said he was "an extraordinary man" and an "inspiration". Salma Sarumi, 8, said it was "amazing" to have the live link-up at her school. Fellow students Cherise Panzu, Mario Albu and Susu El-Abbas also seemed to have been inspired by the event. Cherise called it a "once in a lifetime opportunity". Major Peake believes the flight will bring significant benefits to the country and British industry. "This is a step forward in that it's the UK government supporting human spaceflight," he explained. "What that means is that UK industry, UK education and the UK scientific community can now embrace human spaceflight. That means taking part in scientific research that's being conducted not only on the International Space Station, but within the other European Space Agency human spaceflight programmes."
It means BP will have to make the payments that stem from the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig. BP argued that the deal meant it could fall prey to inflated or bogus compensation claims. <mask_1> Shares in BP fell 1.7% in London on Monday. BP asked the Supreme Court to consider whether people and businesses seeking payments under the settlement included individuals who had not actually suffered any injury as a result of the oil spill. The Supreme Court's rejection of this appeal by BP is the latest in a series of setbacks for the oil firm. BP is trying to limit payments over the environmental disaster, which claimed the lives of 11 people and became the largest US offshore oil spill in history. The settlement agreement has no cap, but BP initially estimated that it would pay roughly $7.8bn (Â£6.1bn) to compensate victims. It now says it can no longer give a reliable estimate for how much the deal will cost. BP has already paid out $2.3bn in so-called business economic loss claims out of a total of $4.25bn in compensation claims to individuals and businesses, according to Patrick Juneau, the administrator appointed by the courts to handle claims. The settlement process is also separate from other court proceedings relating to the spill, including environmental and criminal penalties. BP has set aside $43bn to resolve all claims. <mask_1> The New Orleans judge Carl Barbier also found BP subcontractors Transocean and Halliburton "negligent".
The victim was walking countrywards on the Sydenham Bypass between 22:00 and 23:00 GMT on Saturday night when she was forced into the man's dark-coloured car and attacked. The woman then escaped. The car was reported to have travelled along the road in the direction of Holywood following the attack. <mask_1>
HS2 Ltd is overseeing the expansion of Euston to cater for passengers using the first phase of the new rail line between London and the Midlands. The revamp was originally scheduled to end in 2026 but the firm now says it will finish in 2033. <mask_1> The station is set to gain six new platforms and an additional concourse, with building works due to start in 2017. In a change to plans submitted two years ago, HS2 Ltd has proposed the construction of five further platforms within the existing station should be delayed. <mask_1> Rupert Walker, Euston development director of HS2 Ltd, said: "It is more construction over a longer period but it's less intense. It will be easier for us to manage." The impact of building all 11 platforms in one go would have caused a reduction in the capacity of trains using Euston every day, he said. Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin said the changes would "dramatically improve the design" of the station. Sarah Hayward, leader of Camden Council, predicted: "HS2 will cause decades of blight in the Euston area - to property prices, to our small business' trade and to our residents' lives." She said the council is "ardently opposed to the scheme", adding it could only be a success with "close collaboration" between the local authority, residents and businesses. HS2 Ltd's new plan will be submitted to Parliament next week in order to form part of the legislation which will allow phase one of High Speed 2 to go ahead. The firm also announced that the budget of the Euston project has risen from Â£2 billion to Â£2.25 billion, but said this would not affect HS2's overall budget of Â£42 billion.
Media playback is not supported on this device The Barcelona forward curled home a free-kick after only 12 minutes, and Luan added a second after the break. Brazil will now play Honduras in Wednesday's semi-finals after they won 1-0 against South Korea, thanks to Alberth Elis's winner. Germany play Nigeria in the other last-four match. <mask_1> Brazil's second pool win came after 0-0 draws with Iraq and South Africa, and a 4-0 victory over Denmark. Neymar, the poster boy for the Games, finally got off the mark at the fourth attempt when he curled home from 25 yards out. He then provoked a mass brawl between the two teams after a heavy challenge on Andres Roa, and five yellow cards were handed out. Brazil made sure of a place in their third consecutive Olympic semi-final when Luan's effort from outside the area beat goalkeeper Cristian Bonilla.
It is buying €3bn (£2.3bn) of euro-denominated bonds and $2bn of dollar-denominated ones. <mask_1> The confirmation on Friday gave the shares a bit of a boost, although they had already been up by about 10% earlier in the day. Deutsche Bank said that it had the resources to make the purchases without changing its funding plans. "The bank's strong liquidity position allows it to repurchase these securities without any corresponding change to its 2016 funding plan," it said. The buyback has been taken as a signal of the bank's robustness. On Friday, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble brushed aside concerns about the bank, whose shares fell to a 30-year low earlier in the week, saying Germany's largest lender was "strong". "Deutsche Bank has enough capital," Mr Schaeuble said. The shares fell 13% on Monday and Tuesday, despite assurances from the bank that its balance sheet was "rock solid".
Plans for a £41m revamp of the central London street, including a daylight ban on cars six days a week, were approved by Camden Council in 2014. The Licensed Taxi Drivers Association (LTA) said it was "madness" and would hinder customer pick-up and drop-off. It sought a judicial review of the decision that was refused on 1 June. <mask_1> It undertook an assessment of the impact the partial car ban might have and said allowing taxis to use the street would lead to more traffic congestion, worse air quality and increased traffic collisions. Only buses, bicycles and local access would be allowed on the street from 08:00 to 19:00 Monday to Saturday, but side streets should still give other vehicles 60% access to Tottenham Court Road, the council added.
Mr Miliband called the prime minister's refusal to take part unless the Green Party was involved a "pathetic excuse". He said he would debate with "anyone invited by the broadcasters". But Mr Cameron said the Labour leader was "chickening" out of facing the Greens and all "national parties" must be represented. The exchanges came after Mr Miliband, Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg and UKIP leader Nigel Farage urged broadcasters to press ahead with televised debates before the 7 May poll even if Mr Cameron refuses to take part. The three leaders have written to Mr Cameron saying it would be "unacceptable" for the prime minister to refuse to appear, saying an empty podium should be provided in his absence. <mask_1> <mask_1> A high stakes poker game in which the ultimate prize is power - that is what the row about TV leaders election debate has now become. The players at the table are not just the nation's party leaders but also the bosses of the country's biggest broadcasters. Watching and waiting are highly paid lawyers who know that this may end up being resolve by a judge and not by the court of public opinion. The question is - will anyone blink before it gets to the court-room? Read more from Nick "It is not for him, it is not for me, it is not for any party leader to decide who is in the debate," he said. "It is up to the broadcasters, that is the country we live in. "I think he does protest too much. He has run out of excuses, he is running scared of these debates and in the words of his heroine Margaret Thatcher 'he is frit'". Mr Cameron said Mr Miliband wanted "to debate having a debate" because he did not want to talk about the economy and other issues. <mask_1> "The more time he and I can spend on television and in the television studio, the happier I will be," he said. But Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, who was sitting next to the prime minister, was heard shouting "excuses, excuses" as Mr Cameron answered one of Mr Miliband's questions. <mask_1> They wrote: "I believe it would be a major setback to our democratic processes if these debates were not repeated in 2015 because of one politician's unwillingness to participate." The added: "Therefore, if you are unwilling to reconsider, the three party leaders who have committed to participate will ask the broadcasters to press ahead with the debates and provide an empty podium should you have a last-minute change of heart." Under plans put forward by the BBC, Sky News, ITV and Channel 4 in October, the pre-election live TV debates would include the Conservatives, Labour, Liberal Democrats and UKIP. Mr Cameron would take on Labour leader Mr Miliband head-to-head in one debate, another would feature Mr Cameron, Mr Miliband and Lib Dem leader Mr Clegg, and a third would also include UKIP's Mr Farage. The suggested schedule is for debates on 2 April, 16 April and 30 April, ahead of the general election on 7 May. Mr Farage said the BBC would be "within its rights", under the terms of its editorial guidelines, to stage a debate without Mr Cameron and providing an empty podium would be "entirely appropriate". "If David Cameron chooses not to turn up that is his hard luck," he told the BBC News Channel. "My guess is that if the broadcasters hold firm, Mr Cameron will buckle and say yes." Lord Ashdown, who is leading the Lib Dems' general election campaign, urged broadcasters to "stick to their guns" or else he feared the impetus for the debates would "ebb away". He told Sky News: "You just can't let the prime minister or anybody else basically hold the country and our democracy to ransom by saying no." <mask_1> Ms Bennett said ITV had not yet made a final decision and she hoped to hold talks with the broadcaster in the near future. "Staging the debates without the prime minister might score a point but would not serve the public, who rightly expect the political parties and the broadcasters to find a format that is acceptable to all concerned," she wrote in a letter to the trio. "If you indicated that you were open to the inclusion of the Greens, then I feel sure that ITV would respond." <mask_1> The three debates in 2010 were watched by a total of 22 million people, and they have been cited as one reason for the increase in turnout at the election, which rose for the first time since 1992. <mask_1> The SNP and Plaid Cymru, which have more seats in Parliament than either UKIP or the Green Party, also say they should be represented in any series of debates. SNP deputy leader Stuart Hosie said: "The idea that the SNP, bigger than UKIP and the Lib Dems combined in terms of membership, should be excluded from debates which are broadcast into people's homes in Scotland is just simply quite unacceptable." <mask_1> The Guardian, Daily Telegraph and YouTube are proposing a separate digital debate, which they suggest could reach up to 55 million internet users. They have invited the Greens, UKIP, the Lib Dems, Labour and the Conservatives to take part.
The East Midlands Trains service was travelling at 65mph (105 km/h) when it derailed at Barrow on Soar in Leicestershire in February 2008. The train derailed after an engineering works tipper lorry hit a footbridge. Leicester Crown Court heard the firm did not have a proper construction site safety assessment in place. <mask_1> A warning message had been sent out, but the Nottingham-to-Norwich passenger train was unable to stop in time. The tipper truck driver did not realise the height of his truck and had left the back of it raised in the air, the court heard. The train driver was trapped for two-and-a-half hours and suffered serious leg injuries. "Network Rail's poor planning and management of construction site safety at Barrow placed members of the travelling public a risk," Darren Anderson of the Office of Rail Regulation said. <mask_1> "It should never have happened and I would like to say sorry for the fact that it did happen," Network Rail spokesman Martin Frobisher said.
Prof Higgs, who does not own a mobile phone, said a former neighbour had pulled up in her car as he was returning from lunch in Edinburgh. He added: "She congratulated me on the news and I said 'oh, what news?'" <mask_1> He added: "I heard more about it obviously when I got home and started reading the messages." The 84-year-old emeritus professor at the University of Edinburgh was recognised by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences for his work on the theory of the particle which shares his name, the Higgs boson. He shares this year's physics prize with Francois Englert of Belgium, and joins the ranks of past Nobel winners including Marie Curie and Albert Einstein. The existence of the so-called "God particle", said to give matter its substance, or mass, was proved almost 50 years later by a team from the European nuclear research facility (Cern) and its Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in Geneva, Switzerland. <mask_1> Well, obviously I'm delighted and rather relieved in a sense that it's all over. It has been a long time coming." An old friend told him he had been nominated as far back as 1980, he said. Prof Higgs added: "In terms of later events, it seemed to me for many years that the experimental verification might not come in my lifetime. "But since the start up of the LHC it has been pretty clear that they would get there, and despite some mishaps they did get there". Stressing the involvement of other theorists and Cern, he added: "I think clearly they should, but it is going to be even more difficult for the Nobel Committee to allocate the credit when it comes to an organisation like Cern. "I should remind you that although only two of us have shared this prize, Francois Englert of Brussels and myself, that the work in 1964 involved three groups of people, (including) two in Brussels. "Unfortunately Robert Brout died a few years ago so is no longer able to be awarded the prize, but he would certainly have been one of the winners if he had still been alive. "But there were three others who also contributed and it is already difficult to allocate the credit amongst the theorists. "Although a lot of people seem to think I did all this single-handed, it was actually part of a theoretical programme which had been started in 1960." Prof Higgs was born in Newcastle, but developed his theory while working at the University of Edinburgh. The landmark research that defined what was to become known as the Higgs boson was published in 1964. Discovering the particle became one of the most sought-after goals in science, and the team of scientists behind the $10bn LHC at Cern made proving its existence a key priority. <mask_1> <mask_1> Reacting to the discovery at the time, he told reporters: "It's very nice to be right sometimes."
The 31-year-old Australian was hurt during the Chiefs' narrow Champions Cup loss at Ulster and needs surgery. Salvi joined the Chiefs in the summer of 2015 from Leicester and became a key part of the side that made last season's Premiership final. "We're still waiting to learn the full extent of it but it looks relatively serious," head coach Rob Baxter said. <mask_1> "He does put in a huge contribution over 80 minutes, and that's probably what we'll miss the most," Baxter told BBC Sport. "His biggest quality is his consistency. He turns up every week, and even when we've had some poor performances and even when some individuals within the side have played poorly, Julian's contribution has always been absolutely first rate," added Baxter. "He's virtually always our top tackler, virtually always our top clearout guy, and probably the thing that people don't appreciate about him is how important he is to our attack. "A lot of people talk about open-sides as being tacklers and defenders and disruptive people, but Julian is very important to our attack because he clears so many breakdowns."
The Lionesses' third-place finish in Canada makes them the second most successful England team ever, only behind the men's victory in 1966. Sampson replaced former boss Hope Powell in August 2013. <mask_1> <mask_1> You can't win it without 23 players or the backroom staff as well." During Powell's 15-year reign as manager, the Lionesses never progressed beyond the World Cup quarter-finals - and former players have since criticised the negative feeling among the team during her time in charge. However, speaking to BBC Radio Three Counties, 26-year-old White says it has been a different story under Sampson. "He's changed a lot in the team, he's brought in new people," said White. "I always think it's good to have a change. "He's definitely brought that togetherness, that fire, that passion. Everyone was on board with everything. "We all stuck together and we're definitely like a little family."
Anna Signeul's team have lined up home games with Romania and Republic of Ireland either side of a trip to meet fellow finalists Sweden. Euro 2017 runs from 16 July - 6 August, with the Scots making their debut at a major finals. Scotland open the competition against England on 19 July, with Spain and Portugal also in Group D. Friendly dates: Scotland v Romania (Falkirk, 9 June) Sweden v Scotland (Vaxjo, 13 June) <mask_1>
The papers were presented to a meeting of health board chief executives and civil servants last month. They suggest the NHS is facing a £400m funding gap, and sweeping changes will be needed for boards to break even. <mask_1> <mask_1> The documents state: "The status quo and preservation of existing models of care are no longer an option given the pressing challenges we face." The whistleblower has alleged that pressures on the NHS come from Scottish government policies. The confidential documents relate to a meeting held by NHS bosses on 6 August 2014. As part of an initiative to transform care by 2020, legislation has been passed by the Scottish government to encourage more community care. However, the papers say this has been undermined by "continued commitments" which are "directly in conflict" with the 2020 vision and increase the cost of expensive hospital care. The documents say new obligations are "not fully funded".  <mask_1> The papers outline a funding gap of £400-£450m in the next two financial years, 2015-17, which is described as "a level significantly in excess of that previously required". The documents suggest that health boards will have to consider centralising hospitals and closing services - a measure which the SNP vowed to stop when it was elected in 2007. The Scottish government reversed the closure of Accident and Emergency departments at Monklands and Ayr hospitals, but the papers suggest such dramatic measures may be back on the table. "Radical and urgent decisions need to be made regarding the shape and configuration of services," the document states. <mask_1> "We need to commit to these priorities and accept that significant changes require to be implemented," the papers conclude. The whistleblower told the BBC: "Services are unsustainable right across Scotland from three emergency centres in Lanarkshire, to emergency care at the Vale (of Leven) to paediatrics at St John's (in Livingston), and with particular issues for more rural boards, hence the problems at Grampian. "The current pattern of services is underpinned but short-term money and fixes won't stack up going into next year. "There is a complete gap between policy announcements about care in the community and more money for primary care, and the announcements and commitments which continually increase the cost of acute care." The Scottish government said the paper was "part of the regular discussions among NHS leaders to plan for NHS Scotland's future". Health Secretary Alex Neil said: "We've protected Scotland's NHS from the Tories' cuts, and with independence we can ensure that it is never again under threat from Westminster's dangerous obsession with austerity. "Despite Scotland's budget being slashed by 7.2% by George Osborne between 2010/11 and 2015/16, our increases in health spending means that the NHS is receiving record high funding, with a budget increase of over £1bn between 2010/11 and 2015/16." He added: "To ensure we can continue to develop the NHS, it's important that NHS boards regularly discuss their future plans to inform budget discussions with Scottish government officials, and to identify how we will continue to deliver quality care and treatment. <mask_1> "This integration of services is particularly important to ensure our elderly population is kept well and provided with care in the best setting for their wellbeing."
Connecticut-based hedge fund Gramercy purchased the defaulted debt at a discount in 2008 after other bondholders failed to reach a deal. Peru's finance minister said the government would oppose any legal action outside its borders. <mask_1> The South American country defaulted on the $5.1bn (Â£3.33bn) in bonds in the 1980s. Gramercy has threatened to bring a claim against Peru under a tribunal system established in a US-Peruvian trade deal. This type of action has been called "predatory" by groups in favour of sovereign debt relief plans. Argentina has been engaged in a prolonged court battle with hedge funds over bonds it defaulted on in 2005. This week Peru has played host to meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF).  Among the topics discussed was how to help country's restructure debt after a default to avoid drawn-out court battles.
She said the offer of taking 20,000 migrants over the Parliament but none from Europe proved the prime minister was "contemptuous" of Calais people. Natacha Bouchart said migrants in Calais saw Britain as a soft touch on benefits and illegal work. She told MPs migrants said they could easily find work and accommodation in England and were not controlled. Giving evidence to the Home Affairs Select Committee, via an interpreter, the French politician said less than 10% of the 3,500 migrants currently in Calais wanted to seek asylum in France, all others wanted to come to England. <mask_1>
George Kay, 35, was charged with assault by beating and unlawful possession of a stun gun disguised as a torch. <mask_1> He is also charged with possessing a bladed article. The charge relates to a hunting knife found in a wardrobe. Mr Kay is next due to appear at Lewes Crown Court on 11 January. He was arrested at the couple's house in Crowborough on 3 October.
<mask_1> Hadwin was one clear of the field after Saturday's round of 59, only the fourth on the PGA Tour on a par 72 course. He followed it with four birdies and two bogeys in a 70 to finish runner-up. Scotland's Martin Laird was the highest-placed European, tied for ninth place on 14 under.
Provan, who can also play as a winger, left Notts' fellow Women's Super League One club Reading at the end of the 2016 WSL season. She said: "I'm very excited to join such an experienced squad." Manager Rick Passmoor added: "Shelly adds a wealth of knowledge. She gives us a different option on the left-hand side, in an attacking sense as well." <mask_1> For top-flight teams, the Spring Series runs over six weeks, from 23 April until Saturday, 3 June.
<mask_1> His father took his first race victory at the circuit on 30 August 1992 before going on to a further 90 race wins and seven world titles. Schumacher, 48, suffered serious head injuries in a skiing accident in 2013. He has not been seen in public since. He retired in 2006 in after two world titles with Benetton in 1994 and 1995 before five titles in a row with Ferrari from 2000 to 2004  - clinching his seventh world title at Spa. He made a comeback in 2010 with Mercedes but was unable to replicate his earlier success. Schumacher family spokeswoman Sabine Kehm said it was not possible to use the race-winning 1992 Benetton for the demonstration because of mechanical and insurance issues. Mick Schumacher is currently racing in European Formula Three.
He made the comments on BBC Radio Ulster's Inside Politics programme. <mask_1> <mask_1> A number of politicians strongly criticised the handling of previous negotiations, which ended without success last weekend. Mr Brokenshire has invited parties to another round of talks on Monday. The UK and Irish governments have said they want the talks at Stormont Castle to have an agreed agenda and regular roundtable meetings. The two governments have described it as "an intensive process to drive progress". The parties missed Monday's deadline for forming a power-sharing executive. However, Mr Brokenshire said he believed there was still a window of opportunity for further dialogue. Mr Brokenshire also told MPs earlier this week that he does not believe there is an appetite for a fresh snap election. He said he does not want to see a return to direct rule from London, but has to keep all his options open.
Lt Gen Zaid al-Saleh, head of the government's local security committee, said rebel fighters did not "have much time" and needed to "surrender or die". <mask_1> Syrian state TV showed footage of people in Aleppo celebrating, amid reports the army was close to victory. The director of the UK-based monitoring group, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, warned of "real massacres" being carried out in Aleppo. Rami Abdel Rahman called on the international community to find a safe haven for civilians. <mask_1> Russia, which backs the government, says more than 100,000 civilians have been displaced by the fighting and that 2,200 rebel fighters have surrendered. Aleppo was once Syria's largest city, and its commercial and industrial hub before the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad began in 2011. <mask_1> Troops finally broke the deadlock with the help of Iranian-backed militias and Russian air strikes, reinstating a siege on the east in early September and launching an all-out assault weeks later. On Monday morning, the official Sana news agency cited a military source as saying that the army had taken full control of the key southern district of Sheikh Saeed, as well as the neighbouring areas of Karam al-Daadaa and Saliheen. Hours later, nearby Bustan al-Qasr, Kallasa, Fardous, Jaloun and Jisr al-Haj had also fallen after rebel fighters withdrew in the face of an intense government bombardment, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported. Late on Monday the monitoring group said that clashes were continuing in Salah al-Din neighbourhood and other areas remaining under rebel control. In an interview with the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme, an English teacher who is still inside a rebel-held area described the conditions as terrible. "The situation inside the eastern part of Aleppo is literally doomsday," Abdul Kafi Alhamado said. "Bombs are everywhere, people are running, people are injured in the streets, no-one can dare go to help them, some people are under the rubble." <mask_1> Another 130 civilians have died in rebel rocket and mortar attacks on the government-controlled west. <mask_1> But on Monday, US officials said their Russian counterparts had rejected a proposal for an immediate cessation of hostilities to allow for safe departures. <mask_1> However, the head of the umbrella group that represented political and armed opposition factions at failed peace talks at the start of this year insisted that their determination to overthrow the president would not be diminished. "If Assad and his allies think that a military advance in certain quarters of Aleppo will signify that we will make concessions, then [I say] that will not happen," Riyad Hijab, general co-ordinator of the High Negotiations Committee, told reporters. As fighting intensified for the last rebel-held neighbourhoods, there have been frantic efforts to secure guarantees to evacuate the most vulnerable - the very ill, gravely injured and innocent children. All efforts have been in vain. "It's a far dream," one frustrated aid official told me on Monday, about a long-standing request for a UN-organised medical mission for about 500 patients and their families. Two efforts, which seemed close to agreement, collapsed last week when Russia asserted there was no need for a ceasefire since tens of thousands were escaping without one.  Sources say Russia then shifted its stance. But rebel groups demanded a ceasefire and a delivery of aid first. In desperation, aid agencies reduced their request from 72 hours to just three. A group known as "Doctors Under Fire" has also been pleading for the evacuation of hundreds of children. British surgeon Dr David Nott says "we only need a temporary cessation of 60 minutes to save them all." Even that seems to have been too much.
The federation represents thousands of rank and file PSNI officers. <mask_1> A spokesperson for the ombudsman said the comments were "disappointing" and "at odds with the feedback from police officers who had been investigated". Mr Lindsay told the federation's annual conference that "reform is not so much desirable as essential". <mask_1> <mask_1> In his speech on Wednesday, Mr Lindsay said the federation accepted the need for the independent investigation of complaints against police officers. But, with Ombudsman Dr Michael Maguire among the audience at the La Mon House Hotel, he suggested some feel they are victims of a "witch hunt". "It gives me no pleasure to say that, unfortunately, there is very little officer confidence in relation to the operation of the ombudsman's office," he said. "The credibility of the office is also seriously questioned." The federation chairman highlighted the ongoing PSNI investigation into the theft and unlawful disclosure of documents from the ombudsman's office. He also cited the discovery of a gun and ammunition in a filing cabinet belonging to a member of staff in the office last year. "There is an obvious need for an independent avenue of appeal, whereby officers will have meaningful redress against malicious and inept investigations," he said. "The ombudsman is with us today and I say to him that this isn't about you, but rather the legislative architecture of the system you preside over. "If your office conducts itself with the high standards you demand of police officers, then surely you have nothing to fear from such accountability." <mask_1> He told the conference that eight out of 10 PSNI officers who responded to a survey said they had been victims of a physical or verbal assault during the past year. It's understood that 14% of PSNI officers took part in the survey. The federation has called for the introduction of "spitguards" to prevent people in custody spitting at officers. He also warned of "dire consequences" for the PSNI because of reducing budgets and officer numbers. "We're now beyond the point of warning of a crisis. Right now, we're in the middle of a crisis," Mr Lindsay said. "What's needed now is for our politicians from all sides to make a stand against this madness of continuing austerity. "They must make policing one of their main priorities and campaign as never before to get the government to re-think its disastrous policy."
<mask_1> A post-mortem examination revealed her injuries were not consistent with a crash. Two men, aged 27 and 28, are still being quizzed on suspicion of murder. A police spokeswoman said: "Searches carried out at an address in Braunstone Avenue were in connection with the investigation into the murder of Megan Bannister." <mask_1> Her body was found in the back seat of a black Vauxhall Astra. Updates on this story and more from the East Midlands Megan was due to take the first of her GCSE exams on Tuesday, said her school. She wanted to become a midwife. Her family said in a statement that Megan was their "beautiful, talented, loving daughter and sister", who was "bright, clever, and a responsible person". Wigston College, where Megan was a student, said in a statement Megan was "funny, friendly and good".
Leicestershire became crucially important to Richard III after Henry Tudor landed in Wales in August 1485. <mask_1> Richard's death at Bosworth, along with the recent discovery of his bones, have left a rich legacy in the area. <mask_1> Below is a map of the planned procession through the county. Click here for the route through Leicester city centre. Fenn Lanes Bosworth Heritage Centre Bow Bridge Fenn Lane Farm Dadlington Church Sutton Cheney Church University of Leicester City Map <mask_1>
<mask_1> Stewart's former brother-in-law, Adriano Henney, tweeted to say "Fun guy-Huge loss". Director of BBC Music Bob Shennan said Stewart had been a "stalwart" of popular music broadcasting. Mr Shennan said Stewart's shows had been enjoyed by millions of listeners. Ed 'Stewpot' Stewart: Your memories <mask_1> Stewart's fellow DJ from his early days on pirate radio, Tony Blackburn, who also went on to Radio 1, said Stewart would be missed. <mask_1> "I think he'll probably be best remembered for Junior Choice because he did that programme, I think, particularly well. <mask_1> <mask_1> The DJ, also known by the nickname "Diddy", said he spoke to his old friend just a few days ago. He said: "We used to play football together in the showbiz football team, we even once rode in a speedway race together at Wembley Stadium, so we've done a lot of things together. <mask_1> His younger sister, Sue Mainwaring, 69, described him as hardworking, loyal and "such a good brother". "We had such fun. When he was on the pirates [radio stations] he had two weeks on and one week off - of which every weekend he'd invite everybody back for jazz sessions. Celebs used to come along, including Kenny Everett, David Hamilton, Tony Brandon. He loved jazz. He loved music." She said she had spent Christmas and New Year with him and other members of the family. Devon-born Stewart's broadcasting career spanned more than 50 years. He started out as an announcer, film critic and rugby reporter with Radio Hong Kong. In an interview with the Express newspaper in 2014, he said he had returned to England five years later and joined pirate radio ship Radio London, based four miles off shore. <mask_1> He was a regular Radio 2 presenter for 15 years, and during that time broadcast from the summits of Ben Nevis and Snowdon, Mount Vesuvius volcano in Italy, and also live from the Falkland Islands. On television, Stewart was best known for children's favourite Crackerjack. He hosted the show from 1973 to 1979. <mask_1> On it he coined his trademark catchphrase: '''Ello darling." In his sign-off at the end of his final programme, he thanked listeners, saying: "I'll be with you whenever, but have a great Christmas Day, won't you, folks?" Off air, he was a keen golfer and dedicated Everton FC fan. On Twitter, TV presenter Noel Edmonds left heartfelt messages about the man he called his "mentor". Edmonds joined BBC Radio 1 in 1969, taking over from the sacked Kenny Everett in 1970. At 21, he was the station's youngest DJ at the time. "In '67 Ed Stewart heard a DJ audition tape, liked it, passed it to Kenny Everett and my career was born. Stewpot I owe you everything xN," he tweeted. <mask_1>  Junior Choice was always a radio classic". Celebrity astrologer Russell Grant tweeted: "So sad to hear an old DJ colleague of mine Ed Stewart 'Stewpot' has passed over. "I last worked with him on Radio Mercury. Happy memories." Coronation Street actor Les Dennis posted: "Sad to hear Ed "Stewpot" Stewart has died. A great broadcaster and a nice man." Stewart is survived by his two children, Francesca and Marco, and four grandchildren.
The phrase "rapid rise through the ranks" is a standard line in profiles of political leaders. But it's rarely as speedy as in Natalie Bennett's case. The Australian-born former Guardian journalist woke up on New Year's Day 2006 and decided she wanted to do something to change the world. After pondering her options (should she get involved with an NGO or the UN?) she joined the Green Party. Within six short years she had become its leader. <mask_1> Her sudden arrival on the frontline of British politics was all the more remarkable because she had never won an election, other than the one that had made her party leader. Her first aim when she took on the job was to insert the Green Party - routinely ignored or patronised by the mainstream media - into the national conversation. <mask_1> <mask_1> It was "not a easy concept to get across", she confesses. "I still don't think I've got the 12 second soundbite. But I am going to keep working on it." <mask_1> "It's both my strength and my weakness that I answer the question." <mask_1> And I guess I get tangled up in my desire to answer a question, even when it's a really stupid question". Did she get asked a lot of stupid questions? "Yes." Asked for an example, she ponders for a minute, before highlighting an interview with the BBC's very own John Humphrys, which led to her having "to spend time, valuable peak time, explaining how the interviewer got the question wrong. And listeners don't particularly like that because it's all technical and boring and you are arguing with the interviewer but if it's entirely on the wrong track you have to". She says she has some sympathy with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, who has also attracted criticism for broadcast interviews in which he has deviated from the usual prepared soundbites. <mask_1> <mask_1> "There should be some pressure on the journalist to ask better, more sensible questions," she argues. <mask_1> <mask_1> "That was a very tough moment. And of course you take a bit of a punch to the stomach. <mask_1> "My great problem on that day was that I was in no way well enough to actually be doing anything. I'd had about three and a half hours sleep and I'd been throwing up most of the night. <mask_1> "We weren't used to getting a lot of media attention and it was very, very hard to turn media attention down." One of Ms Bennett's proudest moments came at the end of the BBC leaders debate when she joined Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood and Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon in a "group hug", while Labour leader Ed Miliband looked on awkwardly. This felt like a watershed moment for women in politics, she says, sending out the message "that politics can not just be 'dog eat dog', it can be people agreeing on some things and disagreeing on others but supporting each other". As a lifelong feminist, she is particularly pleased to have been told by "lots of young women" that they had been inspired by the "group hug", which she stresses had not been planned in advance. "I hope and think that that moment really, in 15 years' time, 20 years' time, we might see a whole crop of MPs down the road who will reference that moment as the time they decided they were going to try and get there." Ms Bennett's decision to pitch for the anti-austerity vote, positioning the Greens as a left-wing alternative to what was then Ed Miliband's Labour Party, struck a chord with idealistic young people who felt alienated by mainstream politics, and led to a surge in party membership. But then Jeremy Corbyn came along and shifted Labour firmly to the left, inspiring idealistic activists to join his party in numbers the Greens could only dream about. Hasn't the Green Party, which had a mixed set of results in May's elections, losing four councillors in England and failing to make progress in Wales but getting its best ever result in London, been crowded out of the picture by Labour? Ms Bennett insists this is not the case, arguing that there is a "very clear distinction" between the Greens and Labour on a range of issues - from nuclear weapons to fracking - and that voters know exactly what they are getting when they vote Green. But she is also open to the idea of a "progressive alliance" at the next general election, with local Green Parties potentially making electoral pacts with Labour, Plaid Cymru, the SNP or other parties who broadly share their outlook. She remains a passionate advocate of electoral reform. The Green Party fielded a record number of general election candidates in 2015, standing in 93% of constituencies, and gaining more than a million votes. By rights, she argues, the party should have 25 MPs. She believes the case for scrapping what she sees as Britain's outdated first-past-the-post electoral system is gaining ground in the country. She says she has had an "amazing" four years as leader, and has no regrets, believing the party is in better shape now, having quadrupled its membership and gained a foothold in the national debate on issues such as welfare and the economy, than when she took over. But she is also keen to stress that she will not be leaving politics. "I'm aiming to turn former leader into a role in its own right, to keep travelling the country, supporting local parties, doing media. Leadership is a role we can share around. It's not you become leader, that's the pinnacle, and then you disappear." Asked if she has any advice for the next leader, she says trust the party membership. Anything else? "Work out how to answer stupid questions," she laughs. "I still don't quite know the answer to that one myself."
Linney, the joint chief executive of Outsourcery, previously featured on TV in the Channel 4 show Secret Millionaire. Linney will join regulars Duncan Bannatyne, Peter Jones, Deborah Meaden and another new Dragon, Kelly Hoppen. In the BBC Two show, business leaders hear pitches from entrepreneurs before deciding whether to invest. <mask_1> The qualified solicitor also worked as an investment banker and venture capital fund manager and was named in The Power List of the UK's 100 most influential black Britons. His company Outsourcery was launched in 2007 and employs 150 people across the UK. Executive producer Ceri Aston called Linney's story "inspiring", adding: "Piers is a new breed of dragon. <mask_1> Departing dragon Paphitis said "The time felt right to give up my seat, stop breathing fire and allow someone else to enjoy the wonderful experience of being a Dragon." Haulage firm boss Hilary Devey left the show last year for her own Channel 4 series and interior designer Kelly Hoppen was announced as a new dragon last month.
Ashford Borough Council is owed more than £70,000 and Canterbury City Council is owed almost £45,000 in unpaid fines, BBC South East has found. More than half of Kent's councils are using a private company to help recover fines issued to foreign drivers. In Brighton more than three-quarters of fines were unpaid, a Freedom of Information request has found. Brighton and Hove City Council told BBC South East it had issued 5,402 fines to foreign drivers, with 1,216 paid, and 3,400 remaining unpaid.  The council said it had written off the remaining 746 fines. Most of those drivers fined in Kent were in tourist destinations in East Kent and near the Channel ports. <mask_1> Illegal parking in the UK is a civil offence so councils cannot request drivers' names and addresses from their home countries. <mask_1> Patrick Troy from the British Parking Association said: "Local authorities don't have the means by which to enforce fines against foreign registered vehicles in the same way the do against UK registered vehicles. "There is discrimination here and we've been arguing for some time that the government should work with colleagues in the European Union to negotiate reciprocal arrangements."
Chris Coleman's team are likely to face a tough draw as they will be one of the lowest-seeded teams. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> "Every game will be a big test and they will learn from it and I think we will win a game." Rush is the country's all-time leading goalscorer with 28 goals, while Gareth Bale took his tally to 19 with Wales' second goal in the 2-0 win over Andorra. Real Madrid forward Bale scored seven of Wales' 11 goals in Euro 2016 qualifying, with Aaron Ramsey netting twice and Hal Robson-Kanu and David Cotterill scoring one apiece. But former Liverpool and Juventus striker Rush is not too concerned by Wales' limited forward options. "The lads that play there I think you forget the work that they do. They put in a tremendous work rate," Rush added. "What we may be missing is someone to tap the ball in "But Robson-Kanu, [Sam] Vokes and [Simon] Church give it 110% so you can't knock that. I think sometimes you need that goal to give you confidence. "Get the confidence in the friendly internationals and you never know what might happen." *Watch Sport Wales most Fridays on BBC Two Wales and for seven days after transmission on iPlayer
The union wants to take over Newport Gwent Dragons and the ground, hoping to solve the water-logging problems by laying a 4G surface. But  if County stay up Football League rules do not allow artificial surfaces. "Ideally we would have wanted to put an artificial pitch down," said WRU chief executive, Martyn Phillips. "We want the ground to be a hub for rugby for women and girls and kids and get it played on all day, every day. "That is probably not going to be possible now because Newport County need a grass pitch. "So we are in a dialogue with them now about how, over the summer, we put it back to what a pro club should have." County, under boss Mike Flynn, are looking to pull of what would be  a miraculous relegation escape against Notts County, having been 11 points from safety as recently as March. <mask_1> The rugby club, Dragons and County share the pitch which has major drainage problems that have forced postponements and abandonments this season. County have an agreement to play at Rodney Parade until 2023 and Phillips said it would be honoured. However, relegation would raise the prospect of a 4G pitch being laid as such surfaces are allowed in  the National League <mask_1> "We are like everyone else in that we hope they get the win and carry on. "But the flipside of that is that the pitch is no good for us and no good for them."
The 21-year-old from Wiltshire needed to finish 14th in Spain to secure the title and began 18th on the grid. He finished ninth on his Honda, with race winner Miguel Oliveira of Portugal second in the final standings. Barry Sheene was the last British champion, winning the 500cc in 1977. Kent won five of the first nine races of the season, but two retirements and a highest finish of sixth in the last five events saw his commanding lead reduced to 24 points going into the final weekend. Oliveira's third successive victory was his sixth of the season, matching Kent's tally of wins, and the pair will be team-mates in Moto2 next season. <mask_1> "It's an amazing feeling, a dream come true. You need luck, a great bike and a great team behind you."
The Mi-8 transporter was brought down by rebels, Russia says, in northern Idlib province. It was returning from delivering humanitarian aid to the besieged city of Aleppo, the defence ministry said. It is not clear which group brought the helicopter down. An alliance of forces, including hardline jihadist factions, is the dominant power in Idlib. Jabhat Fateh al-Sham - formerly known as Jabhat al-Nusra - is among those active in the province, and so-called Islamic State has vowed to carry out jihad against Russian forces. The helicopter was carrying three crew and two officers. Pictures on social media, purportedly of the latest Russian helicopter downing, showed burning wreckage and bodies, with armed men milling around. Footage showed at least one body being dragged away. Another is seen apparently being trampled on. <mask_1> Moscow says the helicopter was not involved in a military mission, but was delivering humanitarian aid.  Rebel sources appear to confirm this.  <mask_1> But it will further inflame feelings in Russia against rebels in Syria.  Moscow has repeatedly said it sees little distinction between the rebels in terms of brutality and extremism.  The graphic images of victims posted online of the aftermath of the incident will add fuel to the fire. Russia has previously, though seldom, lost aircraft since it launched operations in support of the Syrian government at the end of September 2015. <mask_1> <mask_1> A Russian marine sent on a mission to rescue the pilot was also killed when his helicopter was shot down. Russia is a key backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and is supporting pro-government forces with air strikes on rebels. Government forces cut off rebel-held eastern parts of Aleppo last month. Russia and Syria announced the opening of what they called humanitarian corridors for civilians and rebels wanting to surrender, but few people are reported to have used them, fearing they would be targeted. The child sitcom star killed in Aleppo Burning tyres to curb air strikes Opposition activists have dismissed as a lie Russian claims that 160 civilians had left rebel-held districts. The United Nations has warned that basic supplies for the around a quarter of a million people who live in besieged areas will last only three weeks. <mask_1>
<mask_1> <mask_1> The Foreign Office said it was "looking at the contents of this latest propaganda video". Mr Cantlie was last seen in a similar video in Syria in February 2015. Like the latest film, it also had him addressing the camera as if he was presenting a television report. Mr Cantlie, who is originally from Hampshire, has seen his work appear in the Sunday Times, the Sun and the Sunday Telegraph. He has been held captive in Syria twice. After being kidnapped in July 2012, he escaped with help from the Free Syrian Army. He was then kidnapped for a second time when he returned to the country towards the end of 2012. It is believed he was with US journalist James Foley, who was later killed. Last month, Mr Cantlie's supporters set up a petition on Parliament's website urging the government to ensure his safe release.
The Australian Livestock Exporters' Council said the footage, released by animal rights group Animals Australia, was "horrific". Animals Australia said it had been filmed inside the two abattoirs approved to process Australian cattle. Exports to Egypt were halted in 2006 for four years over similar concerns. And in 2011, livestock exports to Indonesia were suspended after evidence of cruelty emerged there. <mask_1> The group is campaigning for a full ban on livestock exports. "The way that these animals are treated are quite horrific," said spokeswoman Glenys Oogjes. In one instance, a cow fell off the processing line and was chased through the abattoir before having its legs cut and being stabbed to death, she said. "It is quite terrible and it shows systemic problems in these abattoirs for our animals. And how Australia ever sent animals back there after a suspension in 2006 is beyond us." The chief executive of the Livestock Exporters' Council, Alison Penfold, said the acts shown in the footage were "exceptionally distressing" and "completely unacceptable to the industry and to Australians". She told the BBC the trade was undertaken under a memorandum of understanding between the Australian and the Egyptian governments. <mask_1> <mask_1> Australia exports more than 700,000 cattle each year, and the industry is worth about A$1bn ($1.03bn: Â£0.7bn) a year. But pressure is growing for a total ban on live exports amid a series of cruelty scandals. Agriculture Minister Joe Ludwig said he backed the industry's voluntary suspension. He said the export industry had "bright future" but that it had to "maintain animal welfare outcomes", The Australian newspaper reports.
But boss Rafa Benitez is missing Dwight Gayle, Aleksandar Mitrovic, Vurnon Anita and Isaac Hayden through injury. Birmingham manager Gianfranco Zola says he may rest defender Michael Morrison and striker Lukas Jutkiewicz. Blues are without new signing Craig Gardner (ineligible), Clayton Donaldson (knee) and Greg Stewart (Achilles). The teams drew 1-1 in the original tie at St Andrew's, Jutkiewicz's strike cancelling out Daryl Murphy's early opener. Whoever wins Wednesday's replay will travel to League One side Oxford United in the fourth round on 28 January. Media playback is not supported on this device Newcastle manager Rafa Benitez: "Isaac Hayden is doing well, hopefully not serious. Vurnon Anita has a problem with his ankle, could be six weeks, more or less. "Dwight Gayle is much better than expected. No time frame, he will be assessed every game. It's too early." Birmingham manager Gianfranco Zola: "It's a tough place to go but I will make some changes because we also have a very important game at Blackburn on Saturday. "I have to try to change some players, especially because we have one or two that have little issues physically and I want to preserve them." Attempt missed. <mask_1> Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Che Adams. Attempt blocked. <mask_1> Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Jonathan Grounds. Foul by Achraf Lazaar (Newcastle United). Che Adams (Birmingham City) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt missed. <mask_1> Foul by Cheick Tioté (Newcastle United). David Cotterill (Birmingham City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Birmingham City. Conceded by Matt Ritchie. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Attempt missed. <mask_1> Attempt missed. <mask_1> Foul by Yasin Ben El-Mhanni (Newcastle United). <mask_1> Goal!  <mask_1> Matt Ritchie (Newcastle United) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the centre of the goal. Penalty Newcastle United. Yoan Gouffran draws a foul in the penalty area. Adam Legzdins (Birmingham City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. <mask_1> Attempt missed. <mask_1> Viv Solomon-Otabor (Birmingham City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Cheick Tioté (Newcastle United). First Half begins. Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
Media playback is not supported on this device Despite the Super League leaders looking set to be overturned by second-placed Warrington, Radford's side came from behind to grab a late 12-10 win. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Hull, who have already qualified for the Super League play-off semi-finals, still have to host both Warrington and third-placed Wigan, as well as visiting fourth-placed St Helens before determining who might line up at Old Trafford for the Grand Final on 8 October. <mask_1> The same two goals are also still very much in the sights of Tony Smith's Warrington. "It will go down as one of the better finals for many a year," said the Wire boss, after his club suffered their first defeat at the rebuilt Wembley and missed out on a fourth Challenge Cup victory in eight seasons. "We'll go away and lick our wounds, but we won't sulk for too long. We're a proud club and we've still got a great opportunity to win two other trophies." <mask_1> "It's history-making for us and we should feel rightly proud," said Radford. "There's been a lot of past Hull teams with some tremendous players who have not achieved what we have. "And it was great for Jamie Shaul to get the winning try. He's a local lad like me, so he gets a lot of stick when we lose. But he can now go and walk his dog with pride." Modest Hull scrum-half Marc Sneyd played down his own contribution to Hull FC's late rally after being named man of the match. "I was surprised I'd won," he said, suggesting that he was expecting hooker Danny Houghton to pick up the Lance Todd Trophy. His coach Radford also had praise for Houghton, who made a try-saving tackle on Ben Currie with two minute remaining, adding: "He would not look out of place in the England team." Media playback is not supported on this device But Hull skipper Gareth Ellis, finally successful in his third final, insisted that Sneyd fully deserved his individual accolade. "Don't let him kid you he was not a worthy winner of the Lance Todd," Ellis said. "It was a hot, sapping day and when he put that 40-20 in (before Mahe Fonua's try) you could see some Warrington heads drop. "Warrington were the better team for 60 minutes, but Marc has been quality with his kicking all season and he produced it when it mattered. He was superb."
In-form striker James Vaughan gave the hosts a 22nd-minute lead before Reece Brown scored a 45th-minute free-kick from around 40 yards. Bury were stunned by three goals in eight minutes through Erhun Oztumer and a Jason McCarthy brace, but Tom Soares pounced at the death to deny Walsall a third straight win. Tom Pope and Amadou Bakayoko had gone close at each end before Pope crossed for Vaughan to slide in his 17th goal of the season - and seventh in three games. Neil Etheridge then saved a Pope header and blocked the striker's follow-up, while Bury's Rob Lainton saved a Bakayoko shot. But Bury doubled their lead as Brown's free-kick caught Etheridge off his line and flew into the top corner. The Shakers eased off in the second half, though, and Walsall made them pay. Matt Preston had a shot blocked on the line and Lainton denied Isaiah Osbourne from the rebound. But Oztumer hit a 20-yard free-kick into the bottom corner on 71 minutes to spark the Saddlers' fightback. Five minutes later, McCarthy fired home from Bakayoko's cut-back before the Southampton loanee headed home from Osbourne's cross. Soares then glanced in Brown's cross to rescue a point but Bury remain in the relegation zone. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Bury 3, Walsall 3. Second Half ends, Bury 3, Walsall 3. Substitution, Walsall. Andreas Makris replaces Amadou Bakayoko. Foul by James Vaughan (Bury). <mask_1> Goal!  Bury 3, Walsall 3. <mask_1> Assisted by Reece Brown. Substitution, Walsall. George Dobson replaces Erhun Oztumer. Corner,  Walsall. Conceded by Reece Brown. Foul by Taylor Moore (Bury). Joe Edwards (Walsall) wins a free kick on the left wing. Attempt blocked. <mask_1> Substitution, Bury. Ryan Lowe replaces Hallam Hope. Substitution, Bury. Jermaine Pennant replaces Jacob Mellis. Attempt missed. <mask_1> Goal!  Bury 2, Walsall 3. Jason McCarthy (Walsall) header from very close range to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Isaiah Osbourne. Foul by Hallam Hope (Bury). Jason McCarthy (Walsall) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Goal!  Bury 2, Walsall 2. <mask_1> Substitution, Bury. George Miller replaces Tom Pope. Attempt missed. <mask_1> Attempt blocked. <mask_1> Substitution, Walsall. Simeon Jackson replaces Florent Cuvelier. Goal!  Bury 2, Walsall 1. <mask_1> Reece Brown (Bury) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Reece Brown (Bury). Erhun Oztumer <mask_1> Attempt missed. <mask_1> Hand ball by Neil Etheridge (Walsall). <mask_1> Foul by Isaiah Osbourne (Walsall). Attempt saved. <mask_1> Hallam Hope (Bury) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Adam Chambers (Walsall). Attempt saved. <mask_1> Tom Pope (Bury) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Adam Chambers (Walsall). Attempt missed. <mask_1> Attempt blocked. Amadou Bakayoko (Walsall) right footed shot from very close range is blocked. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Corner,  Walsall. Conceded by Greg Leigh.
This is an edited version of the session. <mask_1> Can't they count there? Katty answers: They can count in two languages there! It's one of closest fought, most populous states so it takes longer Question from @SHSPolitics: How have Dems been able to increase their senate seats? Is it due to akin/mourdock? <mask_1> The GOP didn't do itself any favours with those two candidates Question from @errant1977: Jeb Bush for GOP run in 2016? adage says without "Bush or Nixon on the ticket" they've never won since 28? Katty answers: Hmm. In their dreams, yes. He can expand the party but his last name still isn't Smith and he's told me that's an issue Question from @alyssaweis: How do you feel the legalization of marijuana in certain states will affect the rest of the nation? Katty answers: For me, question is whether this is like gay marriage, part of a social/demographic trend - I'm not sure yet Question from @lizrob92:Where do you think Mitt will go from here? esp. considering his own people in Mass. didn't vote for him? Katty answers: He'll get some sleep, spend time with his family and then look at his future. I'd guess some non-profit, GOP leadership role Michael in London asks: What is the future of the GOP after the re-election of Obama? <mask_1> GOP needs to be more inclusive, but may start w a conservative backlash A friend on our BBC World News Facebook asks: Are you wearing your hipster glasses today? Katty answers: My 16-year-old daughter says it's never good to be hipster anything! Does this mean I have to be blind again? Question from @benlhcarpenter: Why do Americans want change yet vote in the same man? <mask_1> <mask_1> (Hispanic, African American etc.) Katty answers: Changing their tone on immigration would help and signing up to comprehensive immigration reform would help even more. <mask_1> <mask_1> Question from @NairnMcD: When will the inauguration be held for his second term? <mask_1> It'll be chilly either way! Michael in the UK asks: Could you explain why there is so much#Republican resistance to so called "Obamacare"? Katty answers: Republicans believe Obamacare represents a costly, inefficient expansion of government. It was a big deal for GOP voters Question from @jmesaghafi: Do you think #Obama has a strong mandate - given the dropoff in votes vs. '08 (9 million less)? <mask_1> <mask_1> Katty works: Ask Mr Mourdock and Mr Akin to keep quiet. Question from @essex_tom: What should Obama's main priorities be in his second term of presidency? <mask_1> Question from @ChristopherJor5: What of Paul Ryan. Potential candidate for 2016? <mask_1> At the Republican convention this year they were much more excited about Ryan than Romney Question form @fergold: Why do so many Americans view socialism as some kind of evil? Katty answers: Getting govt off your back is part of the American DNA, the pioneering spirit of individualism. It's also easy politics. John Happ from Hingham, USA emails: Who will replace Mrs Clinton, now that the election is over? Katty answers: I heard today that Hillary may stay for a bit longer to clear up Benghazi mess - beyond that Susan Rice or John Kerry Question from @Steve_Map: Did you enjoy the election? Do the US have the same amount of coverage of the UK General Election? Katty answers: Yes and no Question from @SimenAndersen2: Is John Boehner really a nice guy? Doesnt seem like the most cooperative republican Katty answers: I've never met him. I never hear that he isn't a nice guy <mask_1> Does Mitt get to take it home ? Katty answers: Even Gov Romney doesn't have a garage big enough for a plane. There was a rumour Bruce Springsteen was taking it on tour Question from @robertch07: Without enjoying majority in house of representative, Can Obama pass any major bill? Katty answers: Yes, if he can get compromise. That will take strong effective leadership Question from @AndrewWork:Does Obama keep the same VP? <mask_1> Q from @AmrNail: Now that Obama has been re-elected will the#republicans concede the fact that they have to increase taxes? <mask_1> Question from @dandemay: Any ideas on Dem candidate for 2016? Hillary perhaps? Katty answers: Hillary, possibly. Rahm Emmanuel. Gov Martin O'Malley. Gov Hickenlooper - though I confess the name's a tad tricky From Google+ user William D: Why wasn't there more coverage of Gary Johnson or other third party candidates? <mask_1> <mask_1> Katty answers: with confusion Question from @RestlessRani: Think #Obama will act on pressure re action in #Syria? <mask_1> <mask_1> Katty answers: It would have to be voted on by Congress so chances are slim that GOP would approve a new hispanic state Mike on Google+ asks: I'd like to know what's being said in Britain about the election's outcome? Katty answers: After Romney's super successful trip to London this summer, Brits were mildly relieved not to see him elected Katty says: Thank you for joining us today & following #election2012 with the BBC. Now go get some sleep! #AskKattyBBC For more tweets from Katty Kay you can follow her Twitter account: @KattyKayBBC Produced by Glenn Anderson, Claudia Milne and Susanna Cooper
Abbie Lee Everett posted the image of her nephew Ben, 14, on Facebook saying he was "lucky to be alive". "It's not an easy photo to look at is it? <mask_1> North Wales Police is investigating an incident in Old Colwyn, Conwy county, on Saturday night. Ms Everett said "people may not like this picture" but Ben, who is now home from hospital, had agreed for it to be shared to show what can happen. She added that few people show the consequences of when "kids can get their hands on drugs". <mask_1> "His bloods came back as some alcohol in his blood but really high of MDMA. A dodgy drug nearly took his life, is it really worth taking these kind of drugs?" She added: "Please share to show kids what can actually happen." Police said no arrests have been made but appealed for information.
Some 60 excavators and 100 dump trucks are being used in the search. The boy fell down the 40m dry well in Baoding, Hebei province on Sunday morning. He had been helping harvest vegetables, his father told Chinese media. The child's condition is unknown. Oxygen, food and water have been supplied. <mask_1> After two days of careful digging, rescuers have dug only 13m down the metal shaft, which threatens to collapse at any moment. An 800-square metre work area has been cleared to facilitate rescue attempts, a volunteer told The Paper, a Shanghai-based news website. The well had been left unused for five years and there were no warning signs. <mask_1> Many locals volunteered to help in the rescue, rushing to the scene after learning about the accident on WeChat, a popular communication app in China. <mask_1> "It was saddening to read about such news. As a mother, it was heartbreaking to see a child fall into a well. I hope the child will be alive and alive," one user called 80 Hou Bu Huai wrote. Some wondered who was to blame. Weibo user S_AND_YY wrote: "Parents have to take care of their children and it's dangerous everywhere." But not everyone agreed. <mask_1> Do his parents have to spend every minute with him? Is it possible? <mask_1> If the well didn't exist, would this accident happen?" wrote another user. Falling ground water levels in Hebei province have left many wells without water, reports say.
<mask_1> <mask_1> A third of Tajikistan's population is under 14 years of age. The Tajik language is very close to Persian, spoken in Iran, and to Dari, spoken in Afghanistan. Tajikistan profile - home Read more country profiles Country profiles compiled by BBC Monitoring The five-year civil war between the Moscow-backed government and the Islamist-led opposition, in which up to 50,000 people were killed and over one-tenth of the population fled the country, ended in 1997 with a United Nations-brokered peace agreement. Tajikistan's economy has never really recovered from the civil war, and poverty is widespread. Almost half of GDP is earned by migrants working abroad, especially in Russia, but the recession in 2009 threatened that income. <mask_1> Economic hardship is seen as a contributing to a renewed interest in Islam - including more radical forms - among young Tajiks. Tajikistan has been accused by its neighbours of tolerating the presence of training camps for Islamist rebels on its territory, an accusation which it has strongly denied. Tajikistan has relied heavily on Russian assistance to counter continuing security problems and cope with the dire economic situation. <mask_1> Russia maintains military garrisons in Tajikistan and in 2004 took back control over a former Soviet space monitoring centre. These developments were widely seen as a sign of Russia's wish to counter increased US influence in Central Asia. Economic ties with neighbouring China are extensive. China has extended credits and has helped to build roads, tunnels and power infrastructure. Chinese firms are investing in oil and gas exploration and in gold mining.
The centre acts as an accommodation hub for refugees waiting to be sent elsewhere in North Rhine-Westphalia. Everyone inside hall 18, where 180 refugees were staying, was brought to safety, according to reports. As the fire raged, a thick, black plume of smoke could be seen across Duesseldorf. <mask_1> The fire department advised those in the north of the city to keep windows and doors shut, reported RP Online (in German). Some 70 firefighters were at the scene. <mask_1> "The smoke was thick and pretty quickly a column was reaching up and flames started to appear," he said. "It caused a bit of a stir among passengers but it became clear pretty quickly that it wasn't a plane or an airport building. "Flights were continuing to land as all this was going on. The fire wasn't that far from the runway but the smoke wasn't blowing [in the direction of the airport]."
<mask_1> On that night, two officials came to their home and took away her father. Mr Katsura, who owned a small general store, was arrested because he was part of Peru's prosperous Japanese community. "My father told them he hadn't done anything wrong, but they didn't listen to him," she recalls. <mask_1> By the 1940s, an estimated 25,000 people of Japanese descent lived in Peru. Many had become lawyers and doctors, or owned small businesses. Their prosperity, further fuelled by racism, soon triggered anti-Japanese sentiment in Peru, Stephanie Moore explains. <mask_1> <mask_1> Following Japan's 1941 attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor in Hawaii, the US government asked a dozen Latin American countries, among them Peru, to arrest its Japanese residents. <mask_1> <mask_1> Blanca Katsura, who is now 83 and lives in Northern California, remembers how she learned of his fate. "A month after my father was detained, he sent me a letter because it was my birthday," she recalls. <mask_1> Six months later, Blanca Katsura's mother decided to take her three small children to the US to search for her husband. "When we arrived in New Orleans after a month-long trip, they confiscated our passports and then sent us by train to the Crystal City camp." As many as 4,000 people were interned during World War Two in this camp in Texas run by the US Immigration and Naturalization Service. Most of the detainees were of Japanese descent, although some German and Italian immigrants were also held there. It was at Crystal City that Blanca Katsura was reunited with her father. "I was shocked, he had lost so much weight," she remembers. For the next four years, her family lived in the barracks at the camp. Her memories of that time are not particularly traumatic, she says. "Being a child at the time time, I had no worries and made lots of friends. "We were able to go to school and learn Japanese," she adds. <mask_1> Chieko Kamisato's memories of life at Crystal City are less positive. "You could call it a concentration camp, because we were surrounded by barbed wire fences and guards with guns," she says. "We couldn't go out at all, although we were free to move around inside," she recalls. "My parents were really bitter about the situation because they were forced to come to the US. They had no choice," she says. Ms Kamisato's father had moved to Peru from Japan in 1915 and had worked hard to open a bakery in the capital, Lima. Now 81, she lives in Los Angeles. <mask_1> After World War Two ended, another 1,000 were deported to Japan after their Latin American home countries refused to take them back. Ms Katsura's and Ms Kamisato's families successfully fought deportation and were eventually allowed to remain in the US. In 1988, then-President Ronald Reagan signed the Civil Liberties Act and apologised on behalf of the US government for the internment of Japanese-Americans. Under the act, the government paid tens of thousands of survivors of the camps $20,000 (Â£13,000) each in reparation. But Japanese-Latin Americans did not qualify for the payments because they had not been US citizens or permanent residents of the US at the time of their internment. Outraged, they filed a class-action suit and 10 years later, the US government agreed to pay them $5,000 each. Most accepted, but a small group headed by camp survivor Art Shibayama decided to hold out, demanding to be paid the same as Japanese-Americans. Blanca Katsura says that even though her childhood at the camp may not have been traumatic, no amount of money can compensate her family for its loss. "My parents wanted to go back to Peru but couldn't. They missed the life they had there," she recalls. "The Peruvian government sold us out to the US government and that is not a very nice feeling. How would you feel about it?"
<mask_1> He said that the "simple answer" was "no to both". Acting chief executive Tracey McDermott said the suggestion was "nonsense". Two senior FCA figures were speaking at a committee hearing called after it emerged that the inquiry, described as a "thematic review", had been scrapped. <mask_1> Ms McDermott told the committee the review had been shelved because "we didn't think that we would be able to put out something that was sufficiently useful or valuable to make it worthwhile spending resources and time on doing it". She said the review would have duplicated other work carried out elsewhere, notably by the Banking Standards Board, which was "looking at precisely the same issue". She said the FCA was now seeking to "build on work done by other bodies" and would be focusing on individual firms through regulatory supervision. Banks around the world have faced huge fines from regulators for their involvement in numerous scandals. In May last year, the news agency Reuters calculated that 20 global banks had paid Â£152bn in fines and compensation to customers since the 2008 financial crisis.
Their rise to third place in the polls comes despite a string of pre-election scandals. One local candidate stood down after a picture emerged of her wearing a swastika armband. Another was highlighted for posting racist and anti-immigrant comments online. And yet, the revelations appear to have had little obvious effect on voters, even if the mainstream parties do not want anything to do with the party. They are led by the dapper and clean-cut Jimmie Akesson, 35. Voters also seemed unperturbed by the news that he has gambled half a million kronor (Â£43,000; 54,000 euros; $70,000) online. "Every crisis the party gets into Mr Akesson handles very efficiently," says Ulf Bjereld, professor of political science at the University of Gothenburg, who sees him as a very skilful politician, if uncharismatic. <mask_1> They will now occupy 49 seats in Sweden's 349-seat parliament. By publicly stressing the Sweden Democrats' zero tolerance towards racism for the past two years, he has been careful not to fall out of step with the tolerance that Swedes believe they have towards ethnic minorities. In contrast with other EU countries, Sweden is granting automatic residence to all refugees fleeing the Syrian conflict and some 80,000 people are expected to apply for asylum this year. The Sweden Democrats have carefully refined their 2010 election platform, when their campaign commercial featured an elderly woman pushing slowly towards a welfare desk. "You can choose if you want to save money from the pensions or immigration budgets," ran the commentary, over menacing music. The pensioner is overtaken by a group of women in burqas. <mask_1> Beforehand the party had been linked for years to neo-Nazis and other extremist groups. In a speech in August, he identified himself as a nationalist but called for his party to show they were "broad and inclusive". But he was forthright on the risks of political Islam. "Islamism is the Nazism and communism of our time. It has to be met with disgust and much stronger resistance than has so far been the case." <mask_1> There are obvious parallels with France's National Front which, under the leadership of Marine Le Pen, has moved into the political mainstream. The two parties go back many years, and Ms Le Pen visited Jimmie Akesson last year in Stockholm. A few months ago he praised the National Front's "modern, quite fresh direction". <mask_1> Swedish voters are attracted to the party, more because it gives a voice to people who dislike the political elite than its stance on immigration, Prof Bjereld believes. And although he argues that party membership will always have a racist element, the main stance is more xenophobic than racist. <mask_1>
Hills Quarry Products has submitted a planning application to the county council for a sand and gravel quarry near the village of Clifton Hampden. It said the development, known as Fullamoor Quarry, will see 2.5m tonnes of earth extracted over 10 years. <mask_1> Chairman of campaign group Bachport (Burcot and Clifton Hampden Protection of the River Thames) Ian Mason said: "It's vital that people express their deep concerns. "A quarry would devastate a tranquil part of the Oxford Green Belt bordering the Thames and we fear more flooding as the proposed site is in the flood plain." He added that the biggest concern was the traffic a quarry would generate, with 570 lorry movements a week. Hills Quarry Products director Peter Andrew said the application followed an 18-month public consultation, which included meetings with residents. He said: "As a result of the feedback received, we significantly reduced our plans in relation to the volumes of material we hope to extract and the time we will take to work the site. "The final restoration plans were also scaled back so that no additional material is brought on to site, which in turn reduced the overall number of vehicle movements." <mask_1> People have until 13 May to comment on the application.
Three Wise Monkeys Climbing, the business behind the project, plans to convert Macintosh Memorial Church near the town's High Street. It has already managed to raise £30,000 in 23 days through a crowdfunding appeal. However, the appeal reaches its deadline at 17:00 on Wednesday. <mask_1> A bouldering wall would be created first, followed by a cafe, then a roped climbing wall and extra bouldering wall training room.
Police said Alexandria Hollinghurst, 17, and Brandon Goode, 18, wrote what appeared to be suicide notes. The notes were recovered before the pair were found dead in undergrowth on Saturday. <mask_1> Her family had emigrated to the US six years ago. Orange County Sheriff's Office said the couple had been reported as "missing endangered due to the suicidal notes" in the hours before the shooting. <mask_1> "While Goode and Hollinghurst died of what is believed to be gunshot wounds from apparent suicide, we are awaiting the medical examiner's findings for the exact cause of death." The shootings took place in the early hours of Saturday in the suburb of Windermere, Orlando. The sheriff's office said Windermere Police Department Officer German had reported stopping "two individuals" on foot at 03:57 local time, and had then radioed for backup. When colleagues arrived they discovered Officer German "mortally wounded" with a gunshot injury and he was later pronounced dead at Orlando Regional Medical Centre. <mask_1> <mask_1> Tony McMylor, who lived next door to the family in Hadfield, believes Miss Hollinghurst was murdered. "He shot her and then shot himself. That's what I believe," he said. "I can feel for the parents. It's just horrendous." Andrew Cartledge, head teacher of St Andrew's Church of England Junior School in Hadfield, said: "Alex Hollinghurst was a pupil at St Andrew's until she was 11 years old. "She was a talented pupil who it was a pleasure to have in school. "Alex was sociable with many friends and an outgoing personality. Our thoughts are with her family at this tragic time." Police said the contents of the apparent suicide notes "will not be revealed at this time as the investigation is active and open". The sheriff's office said the pair's vehicle was recovered from the car park of a bank in the Kissimmee area of the city, several miles from where the couple are believed to have crossed Officer German's path. Detectives said they would examine the vehicle for further clues.
<mask_1> About 100 people protested outside Dudley Council house on Monday as the decision was made to put the closure plan to the public. The consultation will run until 5 April, with a decision due in May. 'Safe haven' If the plan goes ahead, years seven, eight and nine will go to different schools next year. Current year 10's would stay and complete their GCSE's with the school shutting altogether in August 2017. Head girl Tatiana Davies protested with fellow pupils against the closure. She said: "This place is like a safe haven for kids and it's a community that's being ripped apart by the council. "It's not fair whatsoever that they've made a decision to do this... We care about our school so much." Councillor Ian Cooper, cabinet member for children's services, said: "Proposing the closure of the school is very much the last resort and not something we have taken lightly. "During recent years it has experienced a dramatic decline in pupil numbers, which are forecast to drop even more over the next three years, as well as results below the national minimum standards. "We know the school has worked hard to try and raise attainment but unfortunately all these factors have led us to take this action." <mask_1> Ofsted rated the school "inadequate" following an inspection in September 2012 and "requires improvement" in September 2014.
Three pro-EU MPs argue this approach risks creating "losers" because almost all sectors are linked to the EU. <mask_1> Pro-Brexit Tory Michael Gove says the single market is a "bureaucratic web" which the UK should leave. The three pro-EU MPs are part of Open Britain, which replaced the official Remain campaign after the EU referendum. At an event in London, they will present a report looking at different sectors of the UK economy and their links with the EU. Written by the Centre for Economics and Business Research, it says every sector appeared to benefit from trade within the single market with 3.25 million UK jobs directly or indirectly linked to EU trade. Manufacturing would "certainly suffer significantly" from restricted access to the single market, it says, while banking and insurance and professional services also have a "very strong link" to the EU and other sectors have "indirect" links. "Although it might seem theoretically possible to cherry pick a number of sectors and negotiate trade agreements for the sectors, there is considerable linkage between the sectors," the report says. "It has taken a quarter of a century to negotiate the single market as it exists today and could take nearly as long to renegotiate a new arrangement on a sectoral basis." Any attempt to choose "winners" for free trade deals with the EU "cannot be achieved without the risk of creating 'losers' through reduced access and reduced future mutual benefits", it adds. Ms Soubry will say: "There are no inevitable outcomes. There is no mandate for one particular Brexit option. The only question on the ballot paper was whether to leave, which we will, but how we execute our extraction must be debated." <mask_1> <mask_1> Ministers have yet to set out in detail their negotiating aims, but say they want maximum possible access to the single market. Prime Minister Theresa May has also said the UK will not seek to replicate other countries' trading arrangements with the EU, saying she will be pressing for a "bespoke" deal. <mask_1> "But we have also been clear that the UK should make its own decisions on controlling immigration and the authority of EU law should end. "It's not in the UK's interest to give a running commentary on our thinking that could undermine our negotiating position." On Sunday, ex-minister and Vote Leave campaign chief Mr Gove told the BBC's Andrew Marr Show: "I think when people voted to leave the European Union they voted to take back control of our money, our laws, trade deals and our borders. "That means that the single market, that is basically a bureaucratic web, we need to be out of." In other Brexit news, 81 MPs and peers have signed a letter to European Council President Donald Tusk calling for a deal to protect the rights of both Britons living in other EU countries and EU nationals in the UK. The letter, co-ordinated by Conservative MP Michael Tomlinson, says people are not "bargaining chips" and calls for discussions to "move forward quickly".
The 6.8-magnitude quake struck some 120km (70 miles) north of the second-largest city of Mandalay, at a depth of 10km, the US Geological Survey said. A bridge under construction collapsed in Shwebo, close to the epicentre, throwing workers into the river. In the early hours of Monday a second quake, of 5.6 magnitude, struck the same region, the USGS said. There was no immediate information on whether the latest quake caused further deaths or major damage. The first earthquake hit at 07:42 local time (01:12 GMT), the US Geological Survey said. In Mandalay, terrified residents dashed out of their homes for safety, fearing more tremors. <mask_1> A number of people were injured. A police officer in Shwebo said five construction workers who had been working on the Radana Thinga bridge near the town were missing after "a huge steel beam fell into the river". <mask_1> Temples were reported damaged at Mogok, close to the epicentre. An official from Burma's Relief and Resettlement Department told Agence France-Presse the death toll could rise. "This is the worst earthquake I felt in my entire life," 52-year-old Shwebo resident Soe Soe told Associated Press. Save The Children told AFP it had reports of 13 deaths across four sites in Burma, with some 40 people injured. Residents in Mandalay described panic in the streets as they fled the shaking buildings. "I ran from my bed carrying my daughter out to the street. <mask_1> Some were shouting and others felt dizzy," San Yu Kyaw said. "People are now scared of more earthquakes," he added. The earthquake was felt as far away as Bangkok in neighbouring Thailand. The US Geological Survey issued a yellow alert, indicating that "some casualties and damage are possible". Earthquakes are relatively common in Burma. <mask_1>
The Rhinos were beaten by North Queensland Cowboys in the World Club Challenge on Sunday, while Wigan and St Helens lost to Brisbane Broncos and Sydney Roosters respectively. National Rugby League sides also won all three games in last year's series. <mask_1> "You learn through errors and from getting your backside kicked. Should we be involved in this competition next year then we'll give it an even better go and maybe we'll get our backside kicked again - but we'll get closer. "What you don't do is get beaten and then not play another of these games for five years and then see what you're like." Super League general manager Blake Solly echoed McDermott's thoughts. "It has to go ahead," he said. "The only way in which Super League and the players that play in Super League can improve is by this sort of competition. It's a great learning experience. <mask_1> <mask_1> The Rhinos, who have lost their two Super League fixtures this season, went in at 4-4 at half-time at Headingley on Sunday before the Cowboys ran in 34 unanswered points after the break. Prop Mitch Garbutt was sent off late on for punching James Tamou and McDermott was disappointed with his player's actions. "There was some provocation but not enough. It was silly," he added. "It got passionate in that second half and I think our players got a bit frustrated. It wasn't justified, I'm sure Keith (Galloway) can handle being slapped."
<mask_1> But they were less likely to have displayed symptoms during their lifetime, the study in Brain said. Experts said scientists now had to find out why the effect occurred. Over the past decade, studies on dementia have consistently shown that the more time you spend in education, the lower the risk of dementia. But studies have been unable to show whether or not education - which is linked to higher socio-economic status and healthier lifestyles - protects the brain against dementia. The researchers in this study examined the brains of 872 people who had been part of three large ageing studies. Before their deaths they had also completed questionnaires about their education. <mask_1> Post-mortems showed the pathology - signs of disease - in the brains of people with and without long educations were at similar levels. <mask_1> It also showed that, for each year spent in education, there was an 11% decreased risk of developing dementia. <mask_1> "One person may show lots of pathology in their brain while another shows very little, yet both may have had dementia. "Our study shows education in early life appears to enable some people to cope with a lot of changes in their brain before showing dementia symptoms." The researchers used data from the Eclipse collaboration, which combines the three European population-based longitudinal studies of ageing from the UK and Finland which have assessed people for up to 20 years. Professor Carol Brayne, who led the study, said: "Education is known to be good for population health and equity. "This study provides strong support for investment in early life factors which should have an impact on society and the whole lifespan. "This is hugely relevant to policy decisions about the importance of resource allocation between health and education." Ruth Sutherland, chief executive  of the Alzheimer's Society, said: "This is the largest study ever to confirm that hitting the books could help you fight the symptoms of dementia in later life. What we don't know is why a longer education is so good for you. <mask_1> "Another reason could be that educated people find ways of managing or hiding their symptoms." She added: "We now need more research to find out why an education can make the brain more 'dementia resistant'. Until then the message appears to be stay in school." Rebecca Wood, chief executive of the Alzheimer's Research Trust, added: "During dementia, proteins build up in the brain and nerve cells become damaged. This research suggests that education is not able to stop the damage but enables the brain to cope better and alleviate its impact. "
It happened at about 08:00 GMT on Friday morning on the Belfast Road between Fivemiletown, County Tyrone, and Brookborough, County Fermanagh. The road has since reopened. The man, who has been named as Daniel Morris, was from the Brookborough area. Police have appealed for witnesses. DUP MLA for Fermanagh and South Tyrone, Maurice Morrow, said the crash had "thrown the community into shock". "There is no good time to suffer such tragedy, but for such an incident to occur at Christmas is particularly severe," he said. <mask_1> My thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of the victim at this extremely harrowing time."
<mask_1> It is also higher than most other UK regions, including London. <mask_1> Seven years ago, as the global economic downturn took hold, Northern Ireland suffered one of the most severe property crashes in economic history. Prices fell more than 50% below their peak in late 2007. <mask_1> RICS has now predicted that next year, UK house prices will be bolstered by "recent changes to stamp duty, continuing demand and lack of supply of property". Its residential spokesman in Northern Ireland, Samuel Dickey, said 2014 had seen "stronger house price growth in Northern Ireland than RICS anticipated". He said said this was "largely due to a stronger economic recovery than expected". "In the local market, there is still an issue with supply, whilst buyer demand remains strong. This is creating the conditions for continuing price growth. "However, with public spending cuts likely to act as a drag on the economy, we expect price growth to be more modest in 2015 than it has proved to be in 2014." Mr Dickey said house sales in Northern Ireland were still at very low levels "relative to their pre-crises peak". But he added that sales were currently increasing and his organisation expected that to continue into next year. "The stamp duty reforms announced in the Autumn Statement, which will benefit the majority of homebuyers, will help," he said. The institution's forecast examines all parts of the housing market, including prices, sales, rental incomes to construction and repossession levels.
Integration with the mainland has brought Hong Kong much success as a global financial centre but it has also created problems. Those problems seem to be at their worst at any time since the handover, according to a series of surveys and opinion polls. <mask_1> <mask_1> These include the sacking of senior Communist Party official Bo Xilai, the plight of human rights activist Chen Guangcheng and, most seriously, the suspicious death of Tiananmen Square dissident Li Wangyang in June. "What happens in China very closely affects Hong Kong people, because we're all ethnic Chinese," said Frank Lee, a pollster at the University of Hong Kong's public opinion programme. "That's probably the reason why, at this moment, many people don't trust the Beijing government. In fact, anger is at the peak right now." Despite a relatively strong economy and a string of financial incentives announced by Beijing to boost popular support in the semi-autonomous city, Hong Kong is a much more restive place than it was five years ago, when Mr Hu last came to visit, in a blaze of pre-Olympic glory. Ahead of the visit, Hong Kong's census bureau publicised data that showed inequality had widened to its highest level in three decades. According to US government rankings, Hong Kong's wealth gap now outstrips all other developed nations. It ranks behind highly unequal countries such as Colombia, Haiti and Sierra Leone. Monthly incomes for Hong Kong's poorest have fallen by about 8% over the past five years, while salaries for the richest have grown by about 25%, according to the newest census data. Sze Lai Shan, a social worker with the Society for Community Organisation, said as a result of integration with the mainland, Hong Kong's economic structure had changed. "The factories have moved to mainland China, and the government believes in the trickle-down theory where everyone benefits from overall economic development. So they have done little for the poor," she said during a visit to a cramped sub-divided flat. The first-floor flat is in the shadow of the glitzy commercial district of Causeway Bay. Inside two dozen people - mostly single middle-age or elderly men - reside in enclosed wooden bunks the size of a single bed. Locals call these coffin homes, because each is slightly larger than the size of a coffin. Rent ranges from HK$1,000 ($128, £83) to HK$1,400 per bunk. Lee Chi Wai, a 57-year-old cleaner with a warm smile, lives with his worldly possessions - a tiny television, a few compact disks, some plastic shelves and several shirts - directly below Wong Ching Po, 60. When not working, the two men watch television and engage in friendly banter. <mask_1> "It's very hard to find a job," said Mr Lee. "Most companies have moved to China. Those that stay want temporary workers not permanent staff. When the contract is over, I have to look for another job. That is why life is hard." <mask_1> Besides anger over social inequality, Mr Hu will be greeted by two large-scale democracy protests over the weekend. <mask_1> "Hong Kong people are very uptight about freedom issues on the mainland, because they reflect on us. If not today, then tomorrow. <mask_1> Last year more than 200,000 people took part. This year organisers hope the crowd will be even larger because Hong Kong residents feel the Chinese government is becoming more, not less, corrupt and repressive. <mask_1> Protesters will demand a reversal of the official verdict on Tiananmen Square, currently branded a counter-revolutionary activity, and a thorough investigation into the death of Mr Li, the elderly, disabled Chinese activist. Mr Li's suspicious death in early June in central China sparked outrage in Hong Kong. Chinese officials have promised a proper investigation, but Hong Kong people remain sceptical. <mask_1> Five years ago, China seemed relatively open to democratic reform, as it promised organisers who awarded Beijing the 2008 games. Restrictions were eased for foreign and Hong Kong journalists. Activists such as AIDS campaigner Hu Jia and pro-democracy campaigner Liu Xiaobo were given relative free rein to air their views. <mask_1> But this year the political atmosphere is strained as Mr Hu arrives bearing financial incentives to drum up public support. He is expected to stay until Sunday.
Media playback is not supported on this device Selby, 33, had trailed 10-4 but claimed nine out of 10 frames to lead 13-11. Higgins had a mini revival helped by a contentious refereeing decision, but Selby kept his composure to win. <mask_1> The Englishman picks up a record £375,000 in prize money, retains the top ranking spot for the 116th consecutive week and gains revenge for the defeat by Higgins in the 2007 final. No player had come back to win from a greater deficit than six frames in a World Championship final since Dennis Taylor trailed Steve Davis by 8-0 and 9-1 in their 1985 classic. "I can't believe it, I am still pinching myself now," said Selby. "From 10-4 to get to 10-7 yesterday, I was over the moon as I had nothing left. He outplayed me yesterday. Today I came back fresh and was a lot better. "When I was 10-4 down I was missing everything and had nothing left. I said 'pull something together'. If you lose, you want to at least go down fighting. "To have three world titles is unbelievable and to be one of only four players to defend it is something I could only dream of." Media playback is not supported on this device <mask_1> It was unclear whether the balls touched and referee Jan Verhaas called a foul. Selby questioned the decision and score marker Brendan Moore checked the incident on a TV, initially saying the cueball had hit. <mask_1> <mask_1> John Parrott said on BBC TV: "I don't think it touched, it did not quite get there and the referee got it right," while Steve Davis added: "From one angle, I think it touched but from another I don't think it did." Higgins took the frame and went just one behind at 16-15, but Selby took the last two he required. Media playback is not supported on this device Leicester player Selby was out-of-sorts during Sunday's play at the Crucible, missing straightforward opportunities in the reds to hand his opponent the initiative. But the 33-year-old, who was named 'The Torturer' by Ronnie O'Sullivan for his gritty victory in 2014 from 10-5 behind, showed similar uncompromising characteristics with a ruthless display. <mask_1> In the final session, the pre-match favourite made breaks of 71, 70 and a 131 clearance following the contentious call in the 31st frame. Selby also matches the record of five ranking titles in a season, previously achieved by Hendry in 1990/91 and Ding Junhui in 2013/14, and now has 12 in total. <mask_1> Having come through a comfortable semi-final against Barry Hawkins, he was initially at ease against Selby, stroking in a 141 break which equalled O'Sullivan's effort in 2012 as the best break recorded in a World Championship final. <mask_1> <mask_1> The four-time champion has now lost two finals, but his run moves him up to second in the world rankings behind his opponent. "Mark is granite, just granite," said Higgins. "In the second session I had my chances, I missed a pink into the middle and I could have gone 9-3 ahead. "That was a big, big frame. Mark cleared up under extreme pressure. He is a fantastic champion. "It has been an unbelievable tournament, I gave everything. I came up short to a great champion. <mask_1>." Six-time world champion Steve Davis on BBC Two When we look at the quality of players that are potential winners here, to think there is a dominant character forcing his way through is amazing. Selby is an exceptional player and exceptional match player. It is going to take some young player coming through who takes every part of his game and becomes stronger to knock him off his perch. We're close to the ceiling of performance now. Media playback is not supported on this device Sign up to My Sport to follow snooker news and reports on the BBC app.
Thousands convicted of murder or drug-related offences will go free, while 34 foreigners are also among those given amnesty. However, observers say political prisoners are not expected to be freed. <mask_1> Deputy Minister of Public Security Le Quy Vuong said no one guilty of "crimes against national security" would be released. The government also said that the amnesty showed the ruling Communist Party's "humanitarian nature" and would help inmates "become useful citizens". Human rights groups and some western governments have criticised Vietnam for jailing dissidents, and say more than 100 political activists remain behind bars.
Pictures from the village of Dalori show burned-out buildings and charred livestock. Fires from the burning village could be seen in the the city of Maiduguri, nearly 10km (six miles) away. <mask_1> Other survivors say the shooting on Saturday evening continued for hours and left barely any parts of the village untouched. Residents said at least 50 people were killed, although a Reuters reporter counted 65 bodies at a hospital morgue. <mask_1> Survivor Alamin Bakura told the Associated Press that he hid in a tree as the attackers struck on Saturday evening. <mask_1> He said several members of his family were among those killed or wounded. Boko Haram has also been blamed for deadly bomb attacks in neighbouring Chad on Sunday. At least three people were killed and dozens wounded when two suicide bombers struck two locations near Lake Chad, officials said. Boko Haram's Islamist insurgency has claimed thousands of lives and displaced more than two million people over the past six years. Recent attacks have involved suicide bombers targeting civilians in Nigeria's north-east and across the border in northern Cameroon. Cameroon is part of a regional coalition fighting the group, along with Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Benin. Why Boko Haram remains a threat
The four-part CGI animated mini-series will bring an original interpretation to Richard Adams' classic 1972 novel. It tells the story of a band of rabbits in search of a new home after the destruction of their warren. <mask_1> The series will also feature the vocal talents of Olivia Colman, Nicholas Hoult , Miles Jupp, Freddie Fox, Anne-Marie Duff and Gemma Arterton, and will be written by Bafta-nominated Tom Bidwell. "Before there was Harry Potter, there was Watership Down," said the BBC's drama commissioning editor Matthew Read. "Richard Adams' novel is one of the most successful books of all time and one of the biggest selling books in history. It is fantastic to have the opportunity to bring a modern classic to a mainstream BBC One audience with such an incredible roster of actors alongside the talented team overseeing the animation." The book was first adapted for screen in 1978, and was notoriously frightening for young children, with its adored rabbit characters killed in graphic scenes. This version, the show's executive producer told the Telegraph, "will not just tone down the levels of on-screen violence to make it more appropriate for children, but give a boost to its female characters." <mask_1>
At an expat bar in Benalmadena, on the Costa del Sol, Brian was watching his club play a Champions League match on television. And the animation he displayed whenever his team got the ball was matched by his passion for the EU. "I've got really good Spanish friends. Obviously, I feel English and British first, then I feel European," he says. <mask_1> "If I decided to up sticks, I could go to Portugal or France. But if Britain decides to leaveâ€¦ that may change." No-one knows how many British people are, like Brian, long-term residents in Spain; the number is thought to be anywhere between 300,000 and 700,000. But the British government has warned that two million British expats in Europe could be adversely affected in the event of an Out vote. Their right to free healthcare and their basic right to work could both be jeopardised, a Cabinet Office report says. Campaigners to leave the European Union have dismissed the report's findings as "scaremongering", part of what they see as a long-term strategy by the government which they have dubbed "project fear". <mask_1> But fears about leaving the EU are all too real, as far as Christine Rowlands is concerned. <mask_1> "It's not just about the money," she insists. "Our friends are Danish, German, Spanish. It's about a united Europe." Asked what she makes of the Conservative debate on Europe back home in Britain, Christine giggles a little mischievously. "It's like a children's playground," she says. There is certainly a stark contrast here with the situation back home, where local Conservative Associations are perceived mainly to be of a Eurosceptic bent. But in fact, there are plenty of Eurosceptic opinions to be heard on the Costa del Sol if you listen to the local English language radio station, Talk Radio Europe, and particularly its weekly phone-in show Viewpoint. <mask_1> David Cameron was denounced for fighting to keep Britain in, while Boris Johnson was praised for his "courage" in joining the Out camp. "We did not vote for federalism, we voted for a common market," protested one listener. Viewpoint's presenter is Richard Tildesley, a man with his ear very much glued to the ground when it comes to political opinion among expats. And he believes that living on the European mainland has put many people off the EU, however cosmopolitan their lives. They are not impressed by how EU funds are spent, he believes, thinking the money is wasted on unnecessary projects while neglecting problems that badly need sorting out. Tildesley also argues that expats see the EU as destroying the very aspects of Spanish life that originally drew them to the country. "What they perceive being created at the moment is a rather bland, pan-European homogenised culture." <mask_1> British citizens who leave the country are entitled to vote, providing they have been away for less than 15 years. But so far, only 11,000 people from the hundreds of thousands in Spain are on course to make use of this right. <mask_1> It will use Facebook and Twitter to get its message across, but the embassy will also work with local Anglican churches, charities and any other organisations where expats are found. "Registration of expat voters is fairly low across the world," British ambassador Simon Manley complains. Like any good diplomat, he gives no hint of his own view on the UK's membership of the EU, but he is passionate about the need for more voter engagement. <mask_1> Whatever their views, wherever they live, I think it's important people exercise that right to vote." For more on this story listen to Paul Moss's report on The World Tonight.
Oxford City Council's executive board agreed BMW could build on its land in Cowley, and that it will relocate leisure facilities currently on site. <mask_1> The expansion proposals are still subject to planning permission. The council said the new facility would include replacement football and cricket pitches, a classroom and a gym. It intends for the existing facilities used by the football club to remain in use until their replacement is ready. More than 2.5m cars have been made at the plant since BMW took over in 2001. Oxford United is already looking for an alternative location for its training grounds. <mask_1> A spokesman from Oxford Cricket Club told me they've effectively been evicted from the site - they played their very last game there on Saturday. He said they were disappointed not to have been involved in any discussions.
Crumlin Road Courthouse in north Belfast has been derelict for 15 years and is in a state of serious disrepair. <mask_1> They think the best option is to repair the property and open courtroom number one as a tourist attraction. The courthouse is a 160-year-old listed building, but a series of fires in recent years have left it without a roof. Eight suggestions have been put forward for consultation, from doing nothing to options involving a hotel and restaurant. The consultants favour an option that would reconstruct a courtroom, refurbish the ground and first floors, but mothball the basement and rear wing. "It is really important something is done," said Justine Daly of consultants Turley Associates. "It is physically linked to the jail by an underground tunnel and we could make that work by coming up into court one." Social Development Minister Nelson McCausland said consideration would have to be given to bringing the building back into public ownership. The taxpayer would then face picking up the bill. <mask_1> "It has to have some form of intervention. It is part of the cultural wealth of the city." Decisions will be made in the months ahead.
The attack happened on Shakespeare Street in the early hours of Monday morning. A Police Scotland spokesman said officers were looking for two men in connection with the incident. <mask_1>
A 44-year-old man and a 57-year-old woman were arrested on Sunday following a search at a house in Broom Close in Twinbrook. Items recovered from the house included 700 rounds of assorted ammunition and seven mercury tilt switches. A detonator cord, firework powder and assault rifle magazine were also found. Det Insp Philip Montgomery said: "We believe this is a significant find because it has taken off the streets materials designed to kill and injure." Although the searches took place at the weekend, police have just released details and photographs of what was found. <mask_1> He said: "Inside the brown paper bag were more than 700 rounds of assorted ammunition packed into items of clothing, plastic bags and containers." Officers later searched another property at Glenwood Walk in Poleglass and several items have been taken away for detailed examination. <mask_1> He also apologised to local communities who were inconvenienced by Sunday's searches. "I am sure the overwhelming majority of people in these communities are thankful that such items have been prevented from causing harm. "We will continue to work with communities to reduce the threat posed by those involved in such activity and would ask people to contact police if they have any suspicions about terrorist activity."
The Cobblers made the early running and should have gone ahead, as Marc Richards got goalside of Cian Bolger, lofting a neat ball to Michael Smith who rattled the woodwork from barely five yards out. Justin Edinburgh's side seemed determined to stamp their mark on the game, Michael Smith firing wide from close range as the high-flying hosts looked to be limping to the break. But the game turned in a second when Adam Smith hesitated under pressure from Ball. The Fleetwood striker's chip was gathered by Devante Cole, who was denied at the first attempt but pounced on the rebound to find the net from the tightest of angles. Ball might easily have doubled Town's tally within minutes of the restart, another moment of uncertainty going unpunished as his shot slipped just wide of the back post. Fleetwood did soon find their second, Bobby Grant skipping around two men and firing past Smith from the right of the six-yard box. A second goal in the space of four minutes ended any hopes of a Cobblers comeback, Ball this time the architect and scorer. He made the most of David Buchanan's slip, racing in from the left and picking the moment to lift the ball over the advancing Adam Smith to bag his 13th goal of the campaign. Match report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, <mask_1> Second Half ends, <mask_1> Conor McLaughlin (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by John-Joe O'Toole (Northampton Town). <mask_1> John-Joe O'Toole (Northampton Town) wins a free kick on the right wing. Jak McCourt (Northampton Town) is shown the yellow card. Conor McLaughlin (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Paul Anderson (Northampton Town). Substitution, Northampton Town. Jak McCourt replaces Matthew Taylor. Attempt missed. Hiram Boateng (Northampton Town) left footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Attempt saved. Matthew Taylor (Northampton Town) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. <mask_1> Cameron Brannagan replaces Kyle Dempsey. Attempt saved. Ashley Hunter (Fleetwood Town) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Ashley Hunter (Fleetwood Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. <mask_1> Matthew Taylor (Northampton Town) wins a free kick on the right wing. Zander Diamond (Northampton Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. <mask_1> Foul by Zander Diamond (Northampton Town). <mask_1> Ashley Hunter replaces Devante Cole. <mask_1> Conceded by John-Joe O'Toole. <mask_1> Conceded by Zander Diamond. Bobby Grant (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Neal Eardley (Northampton Town). <mask_1> Victor Nirennold replaces George Glendon. Substitution, Northampton Town. Paul Anderson replaces Marc Richards. Attempt missed. David Ball (Fleetwood Town) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Amari'i Bell (Fleetwood Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by John-Joe O'Toole (Northampton Town). Substitution, Northampton Town. Hiram Boateng replaces Gregg Wylde. Goal!  <mask_1> David Ball (Fleetwood Town) right footed shot from the left side of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Ben Davies. Goal!  <mask_1> Bobby Grant (Fleetwood Town) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the top left corner. <mask_1> Foul by Gregg Wylde (Northampton Town). <mask_1> David Buchanan (Northampton Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Cian Bolger (Fleetwood Town) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. <mask_1> Conceded by Adam Smith. Attempt missed. David Ball (Fleetwood Town) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the left.
National Offender Management Service annual reports failed to record that two prisoners, not one, were living in crowded conditions when they were in a cell designed for one person. Prisons minister Andrew Selous said the situation was "unacceptable". Campaigners said it was important to know the true scale of overcrowding. Mr Selous said in a written ministerial statement that prisons had been recording data incorrectly since 2008-9. He said: "The public should rightly expect this information to be accurate. Publication of clear, reliable figures on how many prisoners we hold in crowded conditions is an important part of making sure we can be held to account. "It is therefore unacceptable that these incorrect figures have been published over the last six years and that these errors were not identified sooner. Since discovering these errors, we have taken urgent steps to ensure that figures will in future be subjected to rigorous quality control." <mask_1> Chairman Frances Crook said: "This is a timely written statement, and we welcome the new culture of honesty and accountability at the Ministry of Justice. "Simple logic dictates that if two or three prisoners are sharing a cell designed for one, then all those people are being held in overcrowded conditions. We are pleased that the government's figures will now reflect this, as the Howard League has made this point repeatedly for many years. <mask_1> Only by knowing what the problem is can we work together to find a solution."
R&B Distillers is turning Borodale House, a derelict Victorian hotel on the Isle of Raasay, into a distillery and visitor centre. <mask_1> The job description includes formal qualifications and experience and a willingness to live on an island. The production of the first whisky at the site could begin in April next year.
<mask_1> Celebrations include feasting, visiting temples, and spending time with family and friends.
In the first of the studies, vets are assessing dogs that have had surgery to repair damage to their knee ligaments. Edinburgh University's Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies aims to improve health outcomes for pets receiving veterinary care. <mask_1> Previous studies have shown that animals with lower levels of vitamin D in their blood often show signs of increased inflammation. The team will examine whether inflammation linked to reduced intake can hamper dogs' recovery from surgery. Blood samples will be taken before and after surgery to allow the team to measure their levels and any symptoms of inflammation. <mask_1> If a link is found, researchers will test if supplements can help to lower inflammation and improve the chances of better recovery from surgery. In a separate study, vets will investigate how dogs acquire vitamin D in the first place, taking blood samples to examine whether levels fluctuate with the changing seasons. The findings will help to determine whether dogs are getting enough vitamin D in their diet throughout the year. Dr Richard Mellanby, Edinburgh University's head of veterinary clinical research and companion animal sciences, said: "Vitamin D plays a vital role in bone health and there is growing evidence that it has other health benefits for people and animals. "Our research aims to understand whether dogs' vitamin D levels fluctuate throughout the year, which is important for making sure we're feeding our pets the right diet. "We're also interested in how vitamin D affects recovery after surgery and whether having less vitamin D is a cause or consequence of inflammation. "Untangling this complex relationship will help us to devise new approaches to improve the welfare of animals after surgery."
<mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> So what does Sunday's mass yoga session tell us about India? <mask_1> The Guinness people have been invited to document the largest yoga class at a single venue. Indians already flaunt a number of yoga-related world records: the largest yoga class, longest yoga chain, longest yoga marathon and longest yoga class at multiple venues. <mask_1> It says a million cadets will simultaneously do yoga at 1,900 locations. Yes, we are crazy about breaking world records. A reality check: Indians applied for some 3,000 records with Guinness World Records in 2013, just behind record-seekers from the US and Britain. The number of Indian record holders has risen an astonishing 250% in the past five years. It helps that we are the world's second-most populous nation, so we have also set records in things like the biggest blood donation drive and most number of people shaking hands. Writer Samanth Subramanian describes this as a "fevered subculture of record-setters". If a place in the Guinness World Records looks remote, no worries. We have our thriving, home-grown Limca Book of World Records and India Book of Records to take care of our achievements. But Mr Modi, clearly, has set his sights higher. More seriously, Sunday's gathering is a timely reminder that urban Indians need to get fitter. Doctors say India's cities are riding a diabetes and heart disease epidemic. India's diabetes rate jumped an alarming 123% between 1990 and 2013, compared to 45% worldwide, a new study found. One in four Indians die of heart disease. Obesity is on the rise. As the middle class swells and grows richer, more Indians are leading desk-bound, sedentary work lives and enduring stressful commutes in pedestrian-unfriendly cities, where there is no culture of walking. Gorging on junk food and fat-rich diets doesn't help matters. <mask_1> The moment Mr Modi's government unveiled its mega yoga plans, political rivals cried foul. <mask_1> The main opposition Congress party has taken pot-shots at the event, and a senior party spokesperson issued a snarky broadside: <mask_1> A recent story by Reuters was headlined: PM Modi's yoga offensive gets Muslims stressed. Firebrand ruling BJP MP Yogi Adityanath fanned the flames by saying that those who opposed the surya namaskar - a series of yoga positions designed to greet Surya, the Hindu Sun God - "should drown in the sea" - a remark that was swiftly put down by Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj. The government has even taken out the sun salutation exercise from Sunday's performance, and is very keen to  showcase it as secular. Political analyst Neerja Chowdhury says Sunday's event serves the prime minister well. "It's a win-win situation for Mr Modi. It boosts his image and keeps the hardliners happy," she told me. However, critics say Mr Modi's move comes at a time of rising anxiety among India's minorities, many of whom suspect that his party is trying to make India a pronouncedly Hindu nation. <mask_1> Historian Dilip Simeon decries what he calls the "deceitful polemic about yoga" and says Indians will learn yoga not to please Hindu nationalists, "but for our health". <mask_1> "By celebrating yoga on a mass scale we are validating our glorious past." <mask_1> There are concerns that India has lost control of "brand yoga" to the West - yoga is a multi-billion dollar industry worldwide - although Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj has said India would "never like an Intellectual Property Rights stamp on yoga". Is yoga essentially a religious activity? This BBC magazine piece has some answers. But closer to home, the Yoga Day is being seen by many as (Hindu) India "reclaiming" yoga. Wendy Doniger, leading American academic and author of The Hindus: An Alternative History, says many Hindus, concerned about their image, fear that their religion has been stereotyped in the West as a polytheistic faith of "castes, cows and curry". They look at yoga as the poster-child of Indian spiritual wisdom and the essence of Hinduism. <mask_1> The transnational, Anglophone yoga, Singleton argues, derives from a curious mix of British body-building and physical culture, American transcendentalism, Christian science, naturopathy, Swedish gymnastics and the YMCA. Yoga's appeal grew far and wide. Even Fritz Lang made a film about trippy yogis. <mask_1> "It is a rich, multi-cultural, interdisciplinary construction, far from the pure line that its adherents often claim for it." There's no shortage of humour in India - and Sunday's event is no exception. I think sociologist Shiv Visvanathan puts it best. "[Mr Modi] is looking for a new kind of cultural revolution. I like the comic part of it - the fat cops, the bureaucrats, doing exercise. Here is India, getting fat on hamburgers and milkshakes. Modi is the Benjamin Franklin of India in many ways," he told the New York Times. Even India's Home Minister Rajnath Singh has managed to encourage officials in his office to practice yoga after work, as he keeps a watchful eye on their moves: Shripad Naik, the yoga minister, told the New York Times that yoga practice would help lower violent crime and produce better bureaucrats. "There will be a definite change in the way the bureaucracy functions," he said. "When they are thin, all their energy will go into producing better work." And popular yoga guru Baba Ramdev told a yoga rehearsal at a Delhi stadium last week that a yoga position would help "rid the world of gas". But this man practising on the soggy rain-soaked field did not quite appear to be listening to the guru's exhortations to put on the world's best yoga show on Sunday.
Koukash's club were docked six points and fined £5,000 for breaching the salary cap in 2014 and 2015 by the RFL. Before that ruling, he said he would go to "all-out war" with the RFL if they were found guilty. <mask_1> "They are not fit for purpose. We invest millions into rugby league and want what is the best for the sport. "I have been in the sport for four years and commercially the game has gone backwards in that time." Millionaire racehorse owner Koukash would need six of the 12 Super League clubs to call an emergency meeting and bring a no-confidence motion. <mask_1> "Our governance ensures that there is an established democratic process that a club can follow to make their voice heard and we will always listen to what they have to say. "Whilst we will continue to work hard to improve the fortunes of all clubs, a recent independent benchmarking report has demonstrated that, as a sport, we are generally in a stronger financial state than we were two years ago." Koukash will hold a press conference on Wednesday, 18 May where he is expected to discuss the recent salary cap charges further.
He told the BBC's Talkback programme that Gerry Adams gave him an ash tree to mark the 125th anniversary of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA). The Democratic Unionist Party member told the story as he reminisced about his time in the Stormont Assembly. Mr Wilson is stepping down as an MLA to concentrate on his job as an MP. The move comes ahead of a forthcoming ban on "double-jobbing" at Stormont, which will come into force next year. Speaking from his home on Tuesday, he said: "Most of my life in politics was dominated by people being killed, bombs going off, disruption in the streets, terrorism, etc. We have moved on from that and moved on very substantially." He added: "When I look down the garden, there is a symbol of how Northern Ireland has changed." The DUP member described how, during his tenure as finance minister, Mr Adams came to ask for permission to plant a tree in the grounds of Stormont to mark 125 years since the foundation of the GAA. <mask_1> <mask_1> "I said 'I have no difficulty with that' and he was quite taken aback. "Then I kind of joked with him and said 'Gerry, it's a bit of a change. It used to be, you lot wanted to plant bombs here, now you want to plant trees'.  And at least he had the humour to laugh about it." Mr Wilson said that a few days later, the Sinn Féin leader presented him with a personal gift of an ash tree that he had grown from seed. <mask_1>  I've got it planted down the garden now. I suppose that's an indication of the changes that there have been in Northern Ireland," Mr Wilson added. The DUP member has been a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly since its foundation in 1998 and is one of its best known and most animated speakers. <mask_1> Mr Wilson said he opted for Westminster as he did not expect he would get a third opportunity to be a Stormont minister because there were younger and "very able" people already in the posts. "There is no right that I would have to those positions and I supposed that if I was going to be a backbencher, I've decided better to be a backbencher in the bigger theatre of Westminster that the assembly." He said it had been a "great privilege" to serve his constituents during his time in Stormont.
The Scottish SPCA said the owner could not longer look after the two large lizards, a female named Pintosh and a male called Babysha. They are being cared for at the charity's centre in Drumoak. Assistant manager Claire Tyczynska said: "We are rehoming them separately as they don't get along with one another." She explained: "As they are very large and powerful animals, they aren't suited to novice reptile owners and this is why we are specifically appealing to people who have kept iguanas before. "Pintosh and Babysha are generally good natured with people, although they can be a little bit grumpy sometimes. "Due to their size, they will each need a very large vivarium with plenty of space to move around." <mask_1> "They will make fantastic pets for owners who will appreciate them and meet their care requirements."
The bank will plough more profit into its capital base - the buffer it keeps to absorb surprise losses. It is now targeting a tier-1 capital ratio of 11% by the end of 2016, having already beaten its current 10% target. <mask_1> Analysts had estimated net income of €969m and revenue of €6.13bn. France's second-biggest listed lender said it planned to save another €850m in costs by 2017 on top of its annual target this year of €900m. Following in the footsteps of other large banks, it set aside €200m against potential litigation. Its French retail bank's revenue rose 4.2% as the economy improved, while investment banking sales advanced by 16.6%, helped out by a weak euro and stronger demand for share deals as stock markets rally. SocGen shares jumped 7% in early trading in Paris.
The IPCC - weren't they the ones who said the Himalayan glaciers would disappear by 2035? How can we trust what they say this time? <mask_1> <mask_1> The first report, to be presented in Stockholm, has 209 lead authors and 50 review editors from 39 countries. The 30-page Summary for Policymakers that will be published after review by government officials in the Swedish capital is based on around 9,000 peer-reviewed scientific papers and 50,000 comments from the expert reviewers. But among these icebergs of data, things can and do go awry. In the last report, published in 2007, there were a handful of well publicised errors, including the claim that Himalayan glaciers would disappear by 2035. <mask_1> The IPCC admitted it had got it wrong and explained that, in a report running to 3,000 pages, there were bound to be some mistakes. <mask_1> <mask_1> The offspring of two UN bodies, the World Meteorological Organization and the United Nations Environment Programme, it has issued four heavyweight assessment reports to date on the state of the climate. These are commissioned by the governments of 195 countries, essentially the entire world. These reports are critical in informing the climate policies adopted by these governments. The IPCC itself is a small organisation, run from Geneva with a full time staff of 12. All the scientists who are involved with it do so on a voluntary basis. <mask_1> The panel was also scarred by association with the "Climategate" rumpus. Leaked emails between scientists working for the IPCC were stolen and published in 2009. They purported to show some collusion between researchers to make climate data fit the theory of human-induced global warming more clearly. However at least three investigations found no evidence to support this conclusion. But the overall effect of these events on the panel has been to make them more cautious. <mask_1> "What we are seeing now is that this working group is getting more careful than they already were," said Prof Arthur Petersen, chief scientist at the Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency. "Overall, the message is, in that sense, more conservative I expect, for this IPCC report compared to previous ones." Hasn't global warming stopped since 1998? The 2007 IPCC report made no mention of any slowdown or standstill in temperature rises in recent decades. They pointed out that the linear warming trend over the previous 50 years was 0.13C per decade, which was twice that for the past 100 years. They forecast that, if emissions of carbon dioxide continued on their existing path, over the next century the climate would respond by warming between 2C and 4.5C, with a most likely rise of 3C. But since 2007, climate sceptics have loudly argued that global average temperatures haven't actually gone above the level recorded in 1998. The issue is now being taken more seriously by the IPCC and other respected science organisations. My colleague David Shukman summarised some of the explanations now being offered as to why the temperatures have not risen more quickly in line with the modelling. Most scientists believe that the warming has continued over the past 15 years, but more of the heat has gone into the oceans. They are unsure about the mechanisms driving this change in behaviour. The most recent peer reviewed article suggested that a periodic, natural cooling of the Pacific Ocean was counteracting the impact of carbon dioxide. "1998 was a particular hot year due to a record-breaking El Niño event, while recently we have had mostly the opposite - cool conditions in the tropical Pacific," Prof Stefan Rahmstorf, from the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany, told BBC News. "That warming has not stopped can be seen from the ongoing heat accumulation in the global oceans." <mask_1> <mask_1> "These studies show that our real climate has a sensitivity of between 1.5C and 2.0C. But the models are much more sensitive, and warm up three degrees." Am I going to get flooded? The 2007 IPCC report was heavily criticised for its estimations on sea level rise. <mask_1> Heat causes the seas to expand but also increases the rate of melting of glaciers and ice sheets. The IPCC doesn't commission any new science, but reviews and condenses existing peer reviewed material. Each Summary for Policymakers is a short distillation of an underlying report that can stretch to several hundred pages. The final draft of the short summary is presented to representatives of the 195 governments who commission the report. In a hectic week before publication, every single line is gone through by the scientists and civil servants. <mask_1> The IPCC figure didn't include any estimates for the extra water coming from the Greenland or Antarctic ice sheets as they said they didn't have enough accurate information. Other researchers were critical of this approach and have published studies that suggested a far higher sea level rise. <mask_1> "What we are talking about is a reduction in uncertainty - we find we haven't changed the number enormously compared to AR4 (IPCC 2007 report)," said Prof David Vaughan, from the British Antarctic Survey (Bas), while speaking at the launch of the report. "We've added maybe another 10cm but the level of certainty we have around that is actually higher than it was in the AR4." Leaked details from the forthcoming report indicate that the worst sea level rise scenarios for the year 2100, under the highest emissions of carbon dioxide, could reach 97cm. Some scientists, including Prof Rahmstorf, have been unhappy with the models used by the IPCC to calculate the rise. Using what's termed a semi-empirical model, the projections for sea level can reach 2m. At that point, an extra 187 million people across the world would be flooded. <mask_1> So will all this mean more flooding? "Yes, but not everywhere," said Prof Piers Forster from the University of Leeds. "Generally, the wet regions will get wetter and the dry ones drier." <mask_1> And what about the Polar bears? <mask_1> <mask_1> very unlikely - 0-10% unlikely - 10-33% likely as not - 33-66% likely - 66-100% very likely - 90-100% Extremely likely - 95-100% Virtually certain - 99-100% Confidence is also expressed as very low, low, medium, high and very high. Evidence can can be limited, medium or robust. And levels of agreement can be low, medium or high In 2007, the IPCC said that temperatures in the Arctic increased at almost twice the global average rate in the past 100 years. They pointed out that the region can be highly variable, with a warm period observed between 1925 and 1945. <mask_1> In relation to Greenland, which by itself has the capacity to raise global sea levels by six metres, the panel says they are 90% certain that the average rate of ice loss between 1992 and 2001 has increased six-fold in the period 2002 to 2011. While the Arctic mean sea ice extent has declined by around 4% per decade since 1979, the Antarctic has increased up to 1.8% per decade over the same time period. As for the future, the suggestions are quite dramatic. <mask_1> Some recent newspaper reports have suggested that sea ice in the Arctic has recovered in 2013, but scientists are virtually certain about the trend. "The sea ice cover on the Arctic ocean is in a downward spiral," said Prof Rahmstorf. "And much faster than IPCC predicted." And Prof Shang-Ping Xie from the University of California in San Diego told BBC News that the outlook for polar bears and other species isn't good. "There will be pockets of sea ice in some marginal seas. Hopefully, polar bears will be able to survive summer on these pockets of remaining sea ice," he said. Does the IPCC have a future? There have been growing calls for reform of the IPCC process from critics and friends alike. Many believe that these big, blockbuster reports, published once every six years, are not the way forward in the modern era. "The close government scrutiny and infrequent publication certainly fillip the climate change agenda," said Prof Forster. <mask_1> Many sceptical voices are also calling for changes. <mask_1> "It is not designed to answer questions because the whole IPCC process, the whole consensus-building process, is choking the openness of the scientific debate," he explained. However, some argue the IPCC plays an important role as a source of information for developing countries. And again others think the organisation will survive for far more unprincipled reasons. "It is a UN body," said Prof Petersen. "It may perpetuate until eternity." Follow Matt on Twitter.
Maydown Precision Engineering (MPE) in Londonderry employs 133 staff and supplies parts to major aircraft firms. It was bought last month by Waterford-based Schivo Group, which said up to 15 jobs were "under consideration". Unite said its members received letters "warning about unspecified numbers of job losses at the company, which raises serious concerns for the future". Regional officer Philip Oakes said: "We are very disappointed that the new owners of Maydown Precision Engineering have decided to exclude the union from their plans for redundancies in the workforce. "It is unacceptable and a breach of our existing recognition agreement that we only found out about the planned job losses when members came forward with letters from management." Unite had said there was concern for the future of 140 jobs, but a spokesman for Schivo NI, formerly known as MPE, accused the union of "inaccurate and irresponsible behaviour". "Schivo NI has not breached any existing agreement with any trade union and 133 jobs at the facility in Derry are not at risk," he said. <mask_1> "Between 10 and 15 positions are under consideration, although at this stage nothing has been decided." <mask_1>
The 21-year-old joined Liverpool from Manchester United in 2013. She helped the Reds win back-to-back Women's Super League titles in 2013 and 2014. <mask_1> "I have had a wonderful four years and will take away some great memories."
Media playback is not supported on this device Players and fans clashed in Belgrade after a flag with a political message was flown into the stadium by a drone. Uefa has charged both countries' FAs. <mask_1> "With cuts and bruises and bloody traumas to the head, the Albanian side was understandably emotionally shaken and psychologically distraught, unable to play the beautiful game in such an ugly, ugly situation," read the statement, written by Albanian FA marketing & PR director Gazmend Malo. "Yet the Serbian media has gone into high gear trying to put the blame on our beautiful boys, even contorting such ridiculous stories like the one that involves the Prime Minister's brother as the person controlling the drone. "Some Serbian media went as far as to declare that Olsi Rama was arrested, which he certainly wasn't, but the vile nature of negative propaganda thrives on such lies. "It is disheartening to hear recent statements of the Serbian Football Association, that do not muster the courage to take responsibility for their complete failure at organising a safe international sporting event. <mask_1> Serbia defender Stefan Mitrovic attempted to pull the banner down as it was carried over the pitch by the drone, sparking clashes between players and fans that led to English referee Martin Atkinson abandoning the game in the 41st minute with the score at 0-0. Albania's Bekim Balaj attempted to retrieve the flag from Mitrovic and was attacked by a pitch invader with a plastic chair. But the 23-year-old said: "With the players we have no problem. Even the Serbian guys, they tried to stop this situation." The statement from the Albanian FA comes a day after the Serbian FA (FFS) released its own, which accused its counterpart of being part of a political plot "whose sole aim was to force the game to be abandoned". <mask_1> "For the truth and justice we will not and do not want to allow the perpetrators who violated football to present themselves as victims." Uefa has charged FSS with insufficient organisation, crowd disturbance, setting off/throwing of fireworks and missiles, field invasion by supporters and the use of a laser pointer, while the Albanian FA is charged with "refusing to play" and the "display of an illicit banner". The European governing body's Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body will hear the case on 23 October. This is the latest incident in the history of turbulent relations between the Balkans rivals. <mask_1> It has been recognised by the United States and major European Union countries, but Serbia refuses to do so, as do most ethnic Serbs inside Kosovo.
Chinese jade and rhino horn were targeted in Cambridge, Durham, Norwich and Lewes, East Sussex. The 14 men, from across England and Northern Ireland, were convicted of conspiracy to steal between November 2011 and April 2012. They were jailed for between 15 months and six years, eight months. How police caught up with the £57m theft masterminds Follow live updates on this story and other Cambridgeshire news The members of the organised crime gang, from Cambridgeshire, Essex, London, the West Midlands and Belfast were found guilty by jury after a series of trials at Birmingham Crown Court. They were involved in organising two thefts and an attempted theft at Durham University Oriental Museum as well as further incidents at Gorringes Auction House in Lewes, Norwich Castle Museum and the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge. <mask_1> The six sentenced on Tuesday were: <mask_1> A 14th gang member, Robert Gilbert-Smith, 27, of no fixed address, pleaded guilty on 10 March 2015 and was sentenced to 15 months in jail on 27 April 2015. The gang hit the jackpot when their hired burglars made off with jade valued at about £15m from Cambridge's Fitzwilliam Museum, but before that not everything went to plan: Det Supt Adrian Green, from Durham Constabulary, who led a four-year covert investigation to bring the gang to justice, said the case had been "like putting together a huge jigsaw with no picture to go on". <mask_1> Some of the sentences were fairly short compared to the seven, eight or nine-year sentences handed to some of those who carried out the burglaries, he said. "I'm just really pleased that we've been able to bring them to justice."
Fu Yuanhui, one of China's swimming stars, became an overnight social media sensation thanks to her frank post-race interviews and exaggerated expressions. Now, she's become a talking point online again - for breaking a sporting taboo by talking about her period. <mask_1> After the match, team-mates Lu Ying, Shi Jinglin and Zhu Menghui were interviewed by a reporter - but Fu was initially nowhere to be found. It turns out she was crouched behind a board, doubled over in pain. <mask_1> "It's because my period came yesterday, so I felt particularly tired - but this isn't a reason, I still didn't swim well enough." It was a poignant moment for many Chinese viewers, who took to social media to express their support for her. "I really admire Fu Yuanhui, for swimming while she was on her period - women can be affected during their periods, especially with period pain... she felt guilty for coming fourth, but Fu Yuanhui we're still very proud of you," user TAO wrote on Sina Weibo. It's also sparked a discussion about tampons - which are not widely used in China. According to one industry survey, only 2% of women in China use tampons - compared to 42% of US women. Many women weren't familiar with how to use them, or had not heard of them before, the survey by Cotton Inc said. <mask_1> "Chinese people have prejudices about tampons - women in their 30s around me are ignorant about tampons, and full of fear about tampons." And there may also be cultural factors at play too - some Chinese women have been told to avoid using tampons because it could stop them from being virgins, despite health experts pointing out that the two things are unrelated. One poster defending tampons wrote: "Who told you virgins can't use tampons?...Come on, it's the 21st Century." According to reports, China's first domestic tampon brand may be launched soon - which may encourage more women to swim while on their periods. The subject of competing while menstruating is "definitely a taboo", Georgie Bruinvels, a sports scientist, tells the BBC. <mask_1> "We need incidents like this to raise the issue" and encourage more research, she says. Ms Bruinvels surveyed over 1,800 sportswomen as part of her work as a researcher at the Female Athlete Health Group - a collaborative project between St Mary's University and University College London. "More than half the sportswomen I surveyed said they felt their menstrual cycle affected their performance." While there is not enough research into the impact of periods on sport, Ms Bruinvels says, one potential factor she was researching was iron deficiency. <mask_1> "There could be an impact on the amount of time you can exercise, and the maximum amount of oxygen" an athlete can use, and she recommends that sportswomen who feel they've been affected get their iron levels tested.
Police responded to reports of cars being driven dangerously near Marrowbone Millennium Park on the Oldpark Road late on Wednesday. Officers found one abandoned car in the area and a second car leaving the scene at speed. The police gave chase and the helicopter was called in when speeds reached in excess of 100 mph. The car, a Volkswagon Golf, sped off through Newtownabbey, Doagh, Ballymena, Broughshane and Carnlough. The pursuit ended when the vehicle crashed on the Munie Road, between Glenarm and Ballymena, at about 01:10 BST. <mask_1> Insp Paul Noble said: "The car has now been recovered and will be forensically examined. "The gates to the Millennium Park were damaged as a result of the earlier incident and the abandoned car set alight in the grounds of the park. "Enquiries are ongoing at present and I would appeal to anyone with any information to contact 101."
The search is now on for volunteers to help target the money in rural parts of Denbighshire, Flintshire and Wrexham. They will form local action groups with the regeneration agency Cadwyn Clwyd administering the scheme. <mask_1>
The Englishman, 40, took the last two frames, sealing victory with a break of 55 to claim his first ranking title since the 2015 World Championship. Bingham had led 4-0 in the early stages and came through a scrappy final session that saw a highest break of 63. "Unbelievable," said the world number two. "To get my hands on another trophy means everything." Compatriot Trump, 27, cut the early deficit to 5-3 by taking the last frame of the afternoon session and moved 7-6 and 8-7 ahead in the evening. <mask_1> "I honestly felt that Judd outclassed me from the word go," said Bingham. <mask_1> "I've been knocking on the door since October, playing pretty well. I thought it wasn't going to happen here and hats off to Judd, from 4-0 down a lot of people would have crumbled and given up." Trump said: "It was tough. I missed a few chances early on. I kind of threw it away in the first four frames. "I missed too many easy balls and even tonight when I was getting back into it, I missed another easy ball. <mask_1>
The Cavan woman will throw the ball in at the Dr McKenna Cup match between Fermanagh and St Mary's at Brewster Park, Enniskillen. Farrelly has previously refereed in quarter-finals and semi-finals of the Cavan Senior Football Championship. In 2012, she was a sideline official for an Ulster Club Senior Football tie. Last year she became the first female to take charge of an inter-county game when she was in the middle for the Ulster minor Championship fixture between Fermanagh and Antrim. Despite only taking up refereeing in 2008, she joined the Ulster GAA Referee Academy in 2011. Her first final came the following year, when she refereed the Cavan All-County League decider. <mask_1>
Alan Dawson, 64, of Newcroft Road, Urmston, was convicted of seven counts of indecent assault and one count of rape at Manchester Crown Court. He was part of the congregation at Mauldeth Road Gospel Hall, Withington. Police said he abused four girls between the 1960s and the 1980s, who were than aged between 11 and 16. <mask_1> He gained the trust of the victims and their families at the church, with the abuse starting as "playful wrestling" before it escalated, officers said. One of the girls reported the abuse to police in December 2013. Det Con Terina Arthern said: "Dawson held a position of trust within the church a position he abused in the worst way possible. "He took the trust placed upon him to befriend young girls and their families and then sexually abused them over a period stretching nearly two decades."
Crews were called to the unit in Stonebridge, Milton Keynes at about 22:15 BST. <mask_1> A spokesman said the site, off Fingle Drive, was believed to be used by a furniture business.
Elland Bridge in Elland partially collapsed in the early hours of Tuesday after significant flooding in the area. A barge was wedged against the grade II listed bridge and several others were left stranded on the towpath after high water receded. Councillor Tim Swift said the crossing would not reopen until December at the earliest. <mask_1> Road diversions are also in place. Calderdale Council said it had been having regular discussions with the Canal and River Trust (CRT), which owns the bridge. Cllr Swift said: "We have requested CRT make an immediate start to designing a replacement for Elland Bridge. "Unfortunately this will be a major project and initial estimates are that a new bridge would not be in operation until at least December 2016." Other bridges in Yorkshire suffered serious damage during the recent floods, including Tadcaster Bridge in Tadcaster.
Media playback is not supported on this device <mask_1> <mask_1> Richardt Strauss, James Tracy, Hayden Triggs and Luke McGrath all touched down for the visitors late on. Munster's 30-21 defeat by the Scarlets means that Leinster leapfrog their Irish rivals to move top thanks to their demolition of Kingsley Jones' side. The result means the Dragons, who had to play without Wales wing Ashton Hewitt due to concussion protocols in the lead up to the match, remain 10th in the table. After a period of momentum from the hosts before the break, hopes of a Dragons comeback seemed to be extinguished in the last play of the first half, when Dorian Jones hit the crossbar with a penalty. <mask_1> Sarel Pretorius scored a late try to take the Dragons past the 20-point mark and round off a game which saw 11 tries scored by either side. Newport Gwent Dragons: Carl Meyer; Adam Hughes, Tyler Morgan, Jack Dixon, Pat Howard; Dorian Jones, Tavis Knoyle; Sam Hobbs, Elliot Dee, Brok Harris, Nick Crosswell, Rynard Landman, Ollie Griffiths, Nic Cudd, Lewis Evans (capt) Replacements: Rhys Buckley, Thomas Davies, Lloyd Fairbrother, Matthew Screech, Harrison Keddie, Sarel Pretorius, Angus O'Brien, Adam Warren Leinster: Joey Carbery; Adam Byrne, Zane Kirchner, Noel Reid, Fergus McFadden; Ross Byrne, Jamison Gibson-Park; Peter Dooley, Richardt Strauss (capt),  Michael Bent, Ross Molony, Mike McCarthy, Rhys Ruddock, Peadar Timmins, Jack Conan, Replacements: James Tracy, Ed Byrne, Mike Ross, Hayden Triggs, Max Deegan, Luke McGrath, Cathal Marsh, Barry Daly Referee: Marius Mitrea Assistant referees: Claudio Blessano and Robert Price
Slade was moved to head of football in Cardiff in May and replaced as manager by Paul Trollope. The former Grimsby Town and Brighton boss left the Bluebirds on 3 June after just 28 days in his new role and was named Charlton boss three days later. "That was my decision, I instigated that," said Slade, who joined Cardiff from Leyton Orient in October 2014. Slade continued, "I believe in my own ability. I've been at Leyton Orient more recently for four and a half years. <mask_1> <mask_1> Charlton were relegated to League One after finishing third-from-bottom in the Championship in 2015-16 and nine points adrift of safety, ending a four year spell in the second tier. "I thought it was a good opportunity," Slade added. "The club maybe has lost its way, certainly last season. "But it's an opportunity for me to get this club back on its feet and going in the right direction."
12 March 2015 Last updated at 13:26 GMT It's part of its push to make the UK more digital. One million Micro Bits will be given to all pupils starting secondary school in the autumn term. The BBC is also launching a season of coding-based programmes and activities. It will include a new drama about the creation of Grand Theft Auto and a documentary on Bletchley Park. <mask_1> The UK is facing a significant skills shortage, with 1.4 million "digital professionals" estimated to be needed over the next five years. The BBC is joining others like the British Computing Society, BT, Google, Code Club and Young Rewired State to try to solve the problem. <mask_1> The device is tiny - fitting easily into the palm of a hand. Children will be able to create text via a series of LED lights. They will also be able to use it to create basic games. Watch two young children making a robot at home.
Nearly 1,000 demonstrators clashed with scores of black-helmeted riot police in the capital Kiev, with both sides using pepper spray and law enforcement officials wielding batons to disperse the crowds. <mask_1> Language is a contentious issue in Ukraine. <mask_1> They believe that - after centuries of Russian and Soviet hegemony - to be a true Ukrainian, one must speak Ukrainian. <mask_1> <mask_1> "People don't see the mechanism behind it, but they will see the consequences in a year or a year and half." <mask_1> They say that they are patriotic Ukrainians - just ones that speak another language - and they simply wish to have the right to speak their native tongue in courts, government offices and schools, as the new legislation stipulates. They also bristle at the accusation - especially in the country's west, where Ukrainian is predominantly spoken - that they are any less Ukrainian than the rest of the country. "I speak Russian - what's the big problem?" said Ruslan, a taxi driver in the eastern city of Donetsk, who asked to use only his first name. "Why do people in the west get to say who is Ukrainian and who isn't?" Given the intense emotions on either side of the language debate, however, the question arises why President Viktor Yanukovych's ruling Party of Regions chose this moment to stir up this particular hornet's nest? Some analysts believe the new language law is an opening salvo in the government's campaign for parliamentary elections in October. The law, touching on a cultural hot button, they say, serves a dual purpose - it distracts the electorate from more pressing issues like Ukraine's continued economic slump, and it riles up the political "base." <mask_1> "Language is not so important - it is not among the top 15 priorities of the people. But for some reason, every time we have elections, we have that issue." According to Mr Rybachuk, however, opposition politicians also welcome this issue, since it allows them to mobilise their own constituency. But this could have disastrous consequences. "This kind of cementing of constituencies really divides the country," he says, adding that the unrest "creates space for radicals from both side." "It's easy to provoke a conflict, to shed blood," he adds. Granted, not all of Ukraine is divided into two opposing camps - and it remains to be seen how this pro and anti-Russian stand-off will play out among the rest of the population. A short, informal survey around the capital Kiev, a city which speaks both Russian and Ukrainian, yielded (tentatively) some unpredictable results. A number of native Russian speakers said that they were against giving Russian official status. They felt that ultimately Ukrainian should be the country's dominant mode of communication. While Ukrainian speakers said that they did not oppose giving Russian a more elevated status. "Ukrainian will win out in the end," said Svitlana, a native Ukrainian speaker who supported the new legislation. Whether the law becomes a reality is still an open question, however. In order for it to enter into force, it needs to be signed by the parliament speaker, who has tendered his resignation in protest over its passing, and President Yanukovych. The Ukrainian leader said that he would reach a decision after he "studied all questions" relating to the legislation.
Gary Fung announced the settlement with Music Canada via a blog published at the weekend. Isohunt was shut down in 2013, when Mr Fung agreed to pay $110m to the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA). <mask_1> A court order associated with the decision details the fees as follows: 55m Canadian dollars in damages, C$10m in "punitive, exemplary and aggravated damages" and a further C$1m to cover legal costs. The total amounts to 50m US dollars. The case dates from a legal order sent in May 2008 by the Canadian Recording Industry Association (CRIA), now known as Music Canada. Previously, Mr Fung had promised users that he would not disclose their data - including email and IP addresses - during legal proceedings. "I've kept my word regarding users' privacy," he wrote. Isohunt did not host pirated media, but rather provided users with a directory of sources from where illegal files could be downloaded. The same model is used by The Pirate Bay, which is currently blocked in the UK. <mask_1> "Think of social media websites like Facebook where everyone shares their favourite songs with their friends - would these services need to employ full-time copyright police?" he said. He added: "Further, I truly wonder whether a penny of these fines ends up on artists' royalty checks, but I highly doubt it."
Manar moved to Britain just three weeks ago, when her family was relocated to Bradford in West Yorkshire, from a camp in Lebanon. <mask_1> But it's taken three years for them to begin their new life in the UK. Speaking to Newsround reporter Ricky, Manar has been explaining how the war turned the country she loved upside down. Manar grew up in city of Idlib in north-western Syria. She said: "Before the war, it was really lovely. We used to come and go safely, we felt very comfortable." But Idlib is a region that has seen heavy fighting since 2011. <mask_1> <mask_1> Once it shelled near us, so we were terribly scared. We used to tell our mother just to get us out." The British Prime Minister David Cameron recently visited camps in countries close to Syria, such as Lebanon and Jordan, after announcing that the UK would take in an extra 20,000 refugees. <mask_1> She says it's an experience she does not want to repeat. She said: "It wasn't nice at all because we were being insulted and humiliated. No one respected us." Manar and her family are among 200 people who've moved to Bradford as part of a special scheme. She says being able to walk around freely is something amazing and she dreams of one day becoming a doctor. Watch her full story above and you can find out more about what's happening in Syria by clicking here.
The Guardian said leaked Treasury documents suggested the measure could take effect in April 2016, benefiting more than 20,000 estates by 2020. The measure will not be included in Wednesday's Budget but could feature in the party's election manifesto. But the Lib Dems said the plans were a "cynical" pre-election move. <mask_1> It was a pledge in the party's 2010 election. However, the Lib Dems blocked any changes as part of their coalition agreement and inheritance tax thresholds have remained frozen since 2009. Under current rules, no tax is paid on the first £325,000 of an estate's value. The allowance can also be transferred between married couples making it worth £650,000. According to the Guardian, the Conservatives are considering plans for a new tax-free band worth £175,000 per person applying specifically to family homes or main residences passed on to a direct descendant of the deceased. This, it claimed, would be transferrable between married couples making it worth a maximum of £350,000. It could then be added to the existing inheritance tax threshold, meaning that in some circumstances properties worth up to £1m could escape inheritance tax altogether. The plans, which would not be as generous as the Conservatives' 2010 inheritance tax policy, would reportedly cost about £1bn. As part of the plans, allowances for estates worth more than £2m would be progressively withdrawn in relation to their value. This "taper" scheme could result in about 2,000 estates paying up to £260,000 more inheritance tax by 2016-17, assuming the plans were introduced in 2016. The paper, written by Treasury officials for the Conservative minister David Gauke, notes the scheme would be "very popular with the public and in the media" and would primarily benefit "high income and wealthier households". "It will allow you to say you are exempting those with modest homes from inheritance tax, with up to £1m of assets exempted in certain circumstances," it states. <mask_1> <mask_1> But the idea has not been seriously discussed since 2010. Asked whether it was now being revived, Conservative business minister Matthew Hancock said "he did not know about that", merely saying that the idea had been "floated seven or eight years ago". "That was in in our last manifesto just over five years ago," he told the BBC. Mr Cable said many people in his west London constituency were concerned about inheritance tax and he understood the "human instinct" to pass on property to children. But he said the plan sent a "very bad signal about the chancellor's priorities", which he said should be focused on reducing the tax burden on the lowest-paid. "This is an old chestnut that is wheeled out before every election," he told the BBC. <mask_1> <mask_1> UKIP leader Nigel Farage told the BBC's Daily Politics he would abolish inheritance tax altogether, suggesting this "common sense, straight forward" move was the only way of helping people under-40 get on the property ladder in London. The Treasury collected £3.4bn in inheritance tax in 2013-4, an 8.6% increase on the year before. However, yields remain below their peak of £3.8bn from 2007-8. <mask_1> The proposed changes envisage that this number would fall to 34,300 by 2020.
Redwan El-Ghaidouni, 38, was shot eight times through his car window in Uxbridge, west London, last year. <mask_1> It follows the arrest of a 41-year-old man, a 29-year-old man and a 34-year-old woman on Wednesday. <mask_1> Father-of-three Mr El-Ghaidouni was shot after pulling into his driveway at about 19:00 GMT on 3 February 2015. He was killed at the home he shared with his partner and three children on the junction of St Andrews Road and Vine Lane. Police believe there were failed attempts to shoot Mr El-Ghaidouni on 31 January and 2 February 2015. "As we've previously said, Redwan did have a criminal past and had been linked to drug importation," Det Ch Insp McHugh Noel said. "He had been released from prison almost seven months before his death but he had been working full-time at a car dealership and enjoying being a family man again. "We continue to look into his background for answers about what happened but whatever the circumstances, his murder has left three young sons without a father and his long-term partner devastated." A Â£50,000 reward is being offered for information.
The song, which features Bruno Mars, was due out in January. <mask_1> <mask_1> Uptown Funk is the first single from Ronson's Uptown Special album which is due out next year. Fleur East admitted that she performed the song after being handed it a just hours before the live show. She said: "I don't think anyone expected my performance to be as popular as it was. "We didn't expect it to go to number one on iTunes. That's crazy like." <mask_1> X Factor boss Simon Cowell and Mark Ronson are both under the Columbia Records umbrella and critics have suggested this is a clever PR move. Changing the release date of the song was seen as a gamble by some. Uptown Funk has entered the charts at the most competitive time of year - the race for Christmas number one. Although some bookmakers have suspended bets on the song staying on top of the charts over the festive period. However it faces competition from the Band Aid charity single and the X Factor's winner's single - which ironically could belong Fleur. Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
The 36-year-old started his career with the Shrimps and helped them win promotion to the Football League, scoring in their play-off final win over Exeter in 2007. "I'm absolutely buzzing to be honest. I'm so glad to be back," Thompson said. Morecambe have also re-signed 34-year-old midfielder Michael Rose on a one-year deal. <mask_1> "I spoke to the manager last season and there was never really any doubts in my mind that I would re-sign," he said. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Liu Xiaoming said President Xi Jinping's state visit would focus on "partnership" and "co-operation" between the two countries. The state visit, the first from China since 2005, begins on Tuesday. <mask_1> He is due to have a private meeting with the Chinese president, and has not ruled out using a state banquet at Buckingham Palace to make his case. But Mr Liu told the BBC's Andrew Marr Show: "I don't think the Labour Party will raise this issue at a state banquet... I don't think so." The president, he said, will be "here for co-operation, for partnership, he's not here for debate about human rights". Mr Liu said it was "natural" there were differences between China and the UK, suggesting Chinese people care more about jobs and housing. "We do not shy away from discussions about human rights," he said, adding that he had a "good meeting" with Mr Corbyn last week and that China was "not interested in microphone diplomacy". "First of all, I think the state banquet is for Her Majesty, it is her show, either Jeremy Corbyn or others are her guest," he said. President Xi is also expected to address Parliament and hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. David Mepham, UK director of campaign group Human Rights Watch, accused the ambassador of "empty rhetoric". He told the BBC News Channel: "What Human Rights Watch and others have documented over the last three years since Xi came to power as the president of China is a very rapid and marked deterioration in the human rights climate in China." <mask_1> He said it was right for Mr Corbyn, along with Mr Cameron and other cabinet members, to address human rights issues. <mask_1> Mr Liu also played down the significance of the absence of the Prince of Wales from the banquet in Buckingham Palace, saying the prince would be present on "separate occasions". After reports the prince was "staying away" from the event, royal officials said he would have "significant involvement" in the state visit, including meeting President Xi and his wife and a formal welcome on Horse Guards Parade. <mask_1> "There are so many talented Chinese artists but yet - there are many, much better than him - why is he so famous? "Because he is critical of Chinese government," he told The Andrew Marr Show. Mr Liu said the artist had "never been put behind bars" but had been under investigation for  having been suspected of "destroying accounting documents".
<mask_1> The flames at the metal recycling yard at Bilston Road in Monmore Green were prevented from spreading to surrounding buildings, West Midlands Fire Service said. The blaze was under control by 03:30 and the cause is being investigated.
A 1-1 draw away with South Africa in Nelspruit on Friday night ensured that Mauritania finished runners-up to Cameroon in their group for the 2017 African Nations Cup finals. They missed out on a place at the tournament in Gabon but Martins said their group, which also included South Africa and The Gambia, was "one of death". The former France international, whose team had a slim mathematical chance of grabbing a Nations Cup finals berth if they had won the match, said they had always set out their stall to finish second in the group standings. It's not easy to be a national team coach - you suffer a lot on the bench <mask_1> <mask_1> It has been rare for Mauritania to have that kind of chance to play the big teams. "Doing well against them has given us the necessary confidence. We only lost by a single goal twice to Cameroon, we were narrowly beaten by Tunisia in the World Cup qualifiers and we took four points off South Africa. I think we can continue getting good results." Mauritania have long been regarded as one of the continent's lightweights but after Friday's draw they are set to climb into the top 100 of the Fifa world rankings for the first time in 20 years. "We've really been working hard to increase the potential of this team and I think we've progressed very quickly," Martins said. But the 47-year-old, who started his job with Mauritania in October two years ago, says he does not know whether he will be offered a contract extension when his deal runs out in December. "I was very happy in the job, people were very good to me and I had good relations with the administrators. <mask_1> "But I don't know what will happen now." Mauritania lost only two of their six Group M games and finished on eight points. In previous qualifiers they have usually finished bottom of the table, and they have never qualified for the Nations Cup or the World Cup.
<mask_1> Five months later, now living in exile in the US, he's been telling the BBC's Julian Keane about the price he has had to pay for speaking out.
Andrew Davies nodded against the crossbar as County threatened early in the match. Another header, by Michael Gardyne, was kept out superbly by Accies goalkeeper Remi Matthews and the save prompted the attack that gave Hamilton the lead. The hosts countered and Imrie clipped the ball past Scott Fox. With playmaker Ali Crawford sidelined after suffering a concussion in training on Friday, more pressure was on 33-year-old Dougie Imrie to provide the attacking spark. And he did that, squeezing in his first goal in the league this season and fourth overall from a few yards out. Danny Redmond's introduction almost led to more Accies goals as he played in Eamonn Brophy and Imrie again, but County goalkeeper Scott Fox was equal to their efforts. Hamilton's midfield has been boosted by former Celtic and Bari man Massimo Donati, but there was an equally effective performance by a less glamorous grafter in the shape of ex-Clydebank player Darian MacKinnon. The 30-year-old is approaching the 150-appearance mark for Accies since joining from the junior ranks in 2012 and excels against teams with Ross County's physicality. MacKinnon defied any notion that his sole purpose is breaking up the play, though. On several occasions the midfielder - flanked by impressive youngster Greg Docherty, Gramoz Kurtaj - was a crucial cog in starting or continuing counter attacks. Each of County's main strikers - Liam Boyce, Craig Curran and Alex Schalk - had scored already this term and manager Jim McIntyre said pre-match that he expected that to continue in South Lanarkshire if the supply was right. When Davies' header from Martin Woods' corner hit the crossbar after just two minutes, it looked like finding the back of the net would not be a problem. But the supply line to the strikers appeared to be blocked as County struggled to create chances from that point forward. Gardyne's header was well saved by Hamilton keeper Matthews in what was the Dingwall men's other clear-cut opportunity. Accies player-manager Martin Canning: "Today was justification for the players in that if you continue to put that work in and be brave, then you'll win games. "Greg Docherty and Darian MacKinnon in the middle of the park were excellent - they go through some amount of work. They covered every blade of astro-turf. Massimo Donati was excellent dropping in and helping the two centre-backs as well. "Every week Dougie Imrie works his socks off and it's nice to see guys like him getting the reward. Guys like him are priceless." Ross County manager Jim McIntyre: "Our quality just wasn't as good as it normally is on the ball. We didn't handle the surface particularly well. "It was one of those days when you're scratching your head at times with some poor decision-making from us. "You always want to go into the international break off the back of a positive result and unfortunately we're going in with a defeat. But we'll use the break to re-group." <mask_1> <mask_1> Corner,  Ross County. Conceded by Massimo Donati. Attempt missed. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Substitution, Hamilton Academical. Danny Seaborne replaces Greg Docherty. Attempt missed. Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Paul Quinn (Ross County) is shown the yellow card. Foul by Darren Lyon (Hamilton Academical). <mask_1> Corner,  Hamilton Academical. Conceded by Jay McEveley. Attempt missed. <mask_1> Foul by Georgios Sarris (Hamilton Academical). <mask_1> <mask_1> Foul by Alex Schalk (Ross County). Foul by Andrew Davies (Ross County). <mask_1> Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Liam Boyce (Ross County) because of an injury. <mask_1> Foul by Liam Boyce (Ross County). Goal!  <mask_1> Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Darian MacKinnon. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Corner,  Hamilton Academical. Conceded by Scott Fox. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Greg Docherty (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card. Tony Dingwall (Ross County) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Darren Lyon (Hamilton Academical). Substitution, Hamilton Academical. Eamonn Brophy replaces Alejandro D'Acol. Attempt missed. Daniel Redmond (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the right. Substitution, Ross County. Tony Dingwall replaces Jonathan Franks. Foul by Erik Cikos (Ross County). <mask_1> Michael Gardyne (Ross County) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Darren Lyon (Hamilton Academical). Corner,  Ross County. Conceded by Grant Gillespie. Grant Gillespie (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Wenger has big problems at the back and I really fear for his side if he does not bring Laurent Koscielny back into central defence on Saturday. The way young duo Calum Chambers and Rob Holding performed there in last week's defeat by Liverpool means there is a massive question mark over them, and Wenger's decision to play them. Media playback is not supported on this device Some Gunners supporters are already unhappy and, if this game also goes the wrong way, they are going to become even more irate. <mask_1> Arsenal were the only team to beat Leicester home and away last season but I cannot see them dominating the Foxes this time. It will be end to end because the Gunners are not capable of shutting up shop. They will have a go at Claudio Ranieri's side, which of course plays into their hands. <mask_1> However, they looked fragile with Chambers and Holding playing together and there was definitely a lack of confidence in their defence, which is why Koscielny has to return this time. I would be amazed if he doesn't. Media playback is not supported on this device Koscielny is not injured, just being rested after returning to training late after Euro 2016 and, even if he is only 80% fit, I would play him. In his position, he does not have to cover as much ground as other outfield players and he could get through the game. As a player, if I was in his situation I would be hammering on the manager's door saying, 'you need me, I can play, stick me in'. But maybe he is saying that, and Wenger is still not picking him because he thinks he is not ready physically. If that is the case Wenger will have to take responsibility if things go wrong again. Arsenal played a high-pressing game in the first half against Liverpool but they could not sustain that tempo for 90 minutes - it is virtually impossible for any team. When the Gunners stopped doing it, in the second half at Emirates Stadium, they conceded a flurry of goals but very rarely will they come up against a team that plays so well for such an intense period of a game. Yes, Arsenal could have defended better, kept their shape better and played more percentage football but Liverpool's performance in that 20-minute spell was pretty sensational and they scored some absolutely brilliant goals. <mask_1> I don't think Arsenal will try to press the Foxes in the same way. I would imagine he and the Arsenal players believe they can go to the King Power Stadium, dominate the ball and cause more problems than the Foxes can cause them. They did it last season, when they won 5-2, and they will think that once again they have more quality on the pitch so they will create more chances and be able to win the game playing that way too. Media playback is not supported on this device Leicester also lost last week, going down to a surprise defeat at Hull. But I did not read too much into the Foxes' poor performance because their defence was missing Robert Huth, whose organisation and presence was absolutely pivotal in their title win. Huth is back from his ban on Saturday and he might not be the only familiar face back in Ranieri's starting XI. Against Hull, he left out Marc Albrighton and Shinji Okazaki from the team that played almost every game last season. I understand why he did it - because he is trying to move his team forward - but it is hard to do that while retaining the same ethos that brought them their success. <mask_1> They are likely to return to their regular way of playing too. Leicester only had more possession than their opponents in five of their 38 league games last season, but they had marginally more of the ball than Hull last weekend - 50.3%. <mask_1> I also think Leicester have to be careful not to believe their own hype now they are champions, start to over-play and forget their strengths. It can easily happen - I played in teams where we did that when we just won a few games in a row, for example at Fulham when we were on a good run and got a bit confident. We still had Bobby Zamora up top, who we could play long to, get the ball into his chest and play off him but at times he would be screaming at us to give him the ball because we would be passing it around at the back thinking we were a good side. All of a sudden teams were pressing us, nicking the ball and causing us problems, and we had to rethink, and remember what was getting us results. Leicester have bright players and a clever manager so I do not see that being a massive issue for them, especially on Saturday. Arsenal will come at them and leave space behind their defence for them to pump it up there for Jamie Vardy to get in the channels and cause havoc. This is a big game for Vardy, against the team he turned down over the summer. <mask_1> There is the chance the circumstances mean he could try a little bit too hard to make things happen instead of just playing naturally but it will be hard to tell because he looks like he gives absolutely everything in every game anyway. I actually thought he was a bit unlucky not to score against Hull because he was only denied by a tremendous block. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Danny Murphy was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan.
A huge leap at the last put Enda Bolger's stable star into contention alongside 5-4 favourite Gitane Du Berlais and 25-1 chance Smashing. Gilgamboa then held off The Tullow Tank (9-1), who came from nowhere to finish second by just half a length. Smashing edged out Gitane Du Berlais, with Ruby Walsh riding, for third. McCoy announced he would be retiring this year after claiming his 200th winner of the season at Newbury in February. <mask_1> On Monday, the 40-year-old will partner Cantlow in his final Irish Grand National. McCoy said: "Fair play to Enda. I am delighted to ride a big winner for him before I retire." <mask_1> He said: "It is great to win a race like this and to have that man on top." McCoy was similarly brilliant earlier in the afternoon when Sir Scorpion justified 6-4 favouritism in the Gleesons Butchers Novice Handicap Hurdle.
The Irishwoman saw off the ex-IBF super-featherweight challenger in Manchester to remain unbeaten in the professional ranks after four fights. Taylor, 30, had Bulgarian Koleva on the canvas in the seventh round. "I definitely needed the eight rounds and it was a great contest against a very strong opponent," said Taylor. The Bray boxer had won two of her first three professional fights inside the distance and always looked in control against Koleva on Saturday night. <mask_1> Taylor's last victory was on 4 March, when she stopped Italian Monica Gentili. Taylor's promoter Eddie Hearn is hopeful of landing a world title fight by the end of the year. The London 2012 Olympic champion won six European titles and five world crowns during a distinguished amateur career, before turning professional in October.
Alistair Thompson, 43, left 44-year-old Alexander Powell needing surgery after the attack in Seaton Road last July. He was charged with attempted murder but admitted a reduced charge of assault to severe injury, permanent disfigurement and danger of life. <mask_1> Lord Boyd said a background report on the repeat offender showed that he had no remorse or sympathy for the victim. The judge ordered that Thompson should be under supervision for a further six-year period after his release for public protection. Defence counsel Edith Forrest told the court a report prepared on him "details a man who clearly has a chronic alcohol problem which undoubtedly is the root cause of most of his offending".
Leicestershire County Council wants to close part of Snibston Discovery Museum to save £9.4m over 25 years. But consultant Graham Black said the county council was "manipulating" the public by not revealing enough details about the impact of closing the centre. A council statement said it cannot continue to subsidise the museum. Mr Black, who has experience advising museums across the UK and lives in Leicestershire, said the attraction would bring £80m to the local economy over the same 25-year period. "This is an exercise in trying to look as if you are giving choices but is actually manipulating people to agree with your point of view," Mr Black said. He said the council had a responsibility to "store, care and maintain" the collection, which is located in Coalville, and includes a major quarry extractor, a bus, two aeroplanes, carts and horses. The cost of removing and storing the materials would cost more than the money saved in closing it, he said. <mask_1> Mr Black suggested forming a charitable trust and applying for a £10m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to save the museum. <mask_1> Councillor Rushton said earlier the Conservative-led council had "run out of time" and the only realistic alternative to scaling back the attraction was "complete closure".
Media playback is not supported on this device Skipper Johnnie Jackson also fired home for the Addicks as they saw off a second-half fightback from the visitors courtesy of substitute Tom Hopper's header. Following early Scunthorpe dominance, it was Charlton who took the lead through a sublime left-foot strike from Lookman as the first-half substitute converted his fourth goal of the season in style. The hosts doubled their lead six minutes later courtesy of Jackson's fine low finish. The visitors managed to pull a goal back seven minutes into the second half as Hopper headed home from a Josh Morris corner. The Iron nearly levelled moments later but defender Charlie Goode saw his shot deflected onto the post before Kevin Van Veen's follow-up was denied by Declan Rudd. It was the 1947 winners who sealed their place in the next round as Lookman fired past Daniels from close range in the 83rd minute. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, <mask_1> Second Half ends, <mask_1> Foul by Josh Morris (Scunthorpe United). Fredrik Ulvestad (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt missed. Lee Novak (Charlton Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Tom Hopper (Scunthorpe United) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Patrick Bauer (Charlton Athletic). Foul by Murray Wallace (Scunthorpe United). Lee Novak (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick on the left wing. <mask_1> <mask_1> Ademola Lookman (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Substitution, Charlton Athletic. Jordan Botaka replaces Johnnie Jackson. Attempt missed. Ademola Lookman (Charlton Athletic) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is close, but misses to the left. Attempt blocked. <mask_1> Goal!  <mask_1> Ademola Lookman (Charlton Athletic) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Fredrik Ulvestad. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Attempt blocked. <mask_1> Conor Townsend (Scunthorpe United) is shown the yellow card for hand ball. Hand ball by Conor Townsend (Scunthorpe United). Foul by Tom Hopper (Scunthorpe United). Patrick Bauer (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Scunthorpe United. Conceded by Johnnie Jackson. Substitution, Scunthorpe United. Sam Mantom replaces Richard Smallwood. Attempt missed. <mask_1> Substitution, Charlton Athletic. Lee Novak replaces Nicky Ajose. Kevin van Veen (Scunthorpe United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Kevin van Veen (Scunthorpe United). Fredrik Ulvestad (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Attempt blocked. <mask_1> <mask_1> Foul by Josh Magennis (Charlton Athletic). Attempt missed. <mask_1> Attempt saved. <mask_1> Substitution, Scunthorpe United. Luke Williams replaces Duane Holmes. Hand ball by Ademola Lookman (Charlton Athletic). Foul by Kevin van Veen (Scunthorpe United). Ezri Konsa Ngoyo (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt saved. <mask_1>
<mask_1> Wings unfold once the drones are in the air and then they can fly in formation. The US Navy plans to demonstrate the launch of 30 Locust drones in 2016. As the drones and the launcher are relatively compact, the Locust system can be deployed from ships, aircraft or land vehicles, the ONR said. Missions can be pre-programmed, but there "will always be a human monitoring the mission", it added. "This level of autonomous swarming flight has never been done before," said Lee Mastroianni, ONR programme manager. "UAVs that are expendable and reconfigurable will free manned aircraft and traditional weapon systems to do more, and essentially multiply combat power at decreased risk to the warfighter." US use of military drones has attracted criticism from human rights groups, who say that despite their highly targeted nature, innocent non-combatants are often killed in the process. The prospect of autonomous swarms of drones carrying out pre-programmed military missions is only likely to increase such concerns.
Data from energy analysts WeatherEnergy indicated wind farms provided 699,684MWh of electricity to the National Grid. They said the total was enough to power 79% of average Scottish households, equivalent to 1.9 million homes. The energy output was up by 15% compared with the same time last year. WeatherEnergy said on eight days in April, wind turbines generated enough electricity to supply 100% of Scottish homes. <mask_1>
Nathan Smith had a header well saved early on, while Shaun Harrad also went close for the Gulls. Smith broke the deadlock when he headed in Dan Butler's second-half corner. <mask_1> Torquay are now level on points with Welling, with both sides seven points from safety.
Its Secretary General Bheki Ntshalintshali said he was no longer the "right person" to lead the country. Anti-apartheid struggle veterans have also called on the African National Congress (ANC) to recall the president. Mr Zuma has been under growing pressure following a major cabinet reshuffle which included the sacking of respected Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan. That led to South Africa's credit rating being cut to junk status putting more pressure on a troubled economy. The Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu), a key part of the governing alliance, says it has 1.8 million members. It forms part of what is called the Tripartite Alliance along with the the African National Congress (ANC) and the South African Communist Party (SACP). The SACP has also called on Mr Zuma to go. <mask_1> He termed the president's leadership as "inattentive, negligent... and disruptive". <mask_1> "We will support the new minister where necessary and fight with him where necessary," he added. Mr Ntshalintshali also criticised ratings agency S&P's decision to downgrade South Africa to junk status saying the union views it as political interference. ANC veterans, who include former high commissioners, ministers and many respected anti-apartheid activists, also told a media briefing in Johannesburg that the ANC should do "the honourable thing and recall the president", especially after the party's integrity commission advised that he should resign. President Jacob Zuma is certainly politically weaker today than he was over the weekend. Cosatu's call for him to step down is a crushing blow to the beleaguered head of state. The workers' union federation had been a reliable backer of Mr Zuma against unrelenting calls for his removal. Focus now shifts to the National Working Committee (NWC) of the ANC which is currently meeting. However, regardless of the outcome of that meeting, deep divisions within the body will entrench positions between the pro and anti-Zuma factions. <mask_1> Last week, Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa called the sacking of Mr Gordhan "totally unacceptable". <mask_1> <mask_1> But President Zuma's obituary has been written many times before only for him to rise from the ashes, says the BBC's Milton Nkosi in Johannesburg.. Despite the reported scandals that have dogged his administration, several attempts to remove Mr Zuma have foundered. Meanwhile, new Finance Minsiter Malusi Gigaba has been working to reassure South Africans about the state of the economy. Mr Gigaba told a media briefing that Monday's downgrade to junk status by ratings agency S&P was a setback, but that people should not be despondent. "I'm not saying it's easy to get out of a rating downgrade, yet I remain confident," he added. He said he would lead a meeting with ratings agencies Fitch and Moody's.
Bennie Hart says the point of the plate is to show the impossibility of disproving anyone's claim to being God. But transport chiefs in the religiously conservative state ruled that it might distract other drivers and would be in bad taste. Civil liberties campaigners have taken up Mr Hart's legal case. He says he had the same number plate when he lived in the state of Ohio for 12 years without any problems. <mask_1> "There is nothing obscene or vulgar about my view that religious beliefs are subject to individual interpretation." <mask_1> ACLU-KY Legal Director William Sharp said that under the US First Amendment, government officials "do not have the authority to censor messages simply because they dislike them". "And in this instance, personalised licence plates are a form of individual speech equally deserving of First Amendment protection," he said. Kentucky transport authorities declined to comment on the case.
Media playback is not supported on this device Australia beat Waqar's side by 25 runs to knock them out of the tournament in India in the group stage on Friday. "If we think deeply we will see that Pakistan hasn't seen any international cricket for the last seven, eight years and that has hurt us," Younis said. <mask_1> In May 2015 Pakistan played their first home full international fixture since a terror attack in 2009, when gunmen attacked buses carrying the Sri Lanka team in Lahore. At least six policemen escorting the team bus were killed, along with a driver. Seven cricketers and an assistant coach were injured. <mask_1> They made the semi-finals of the first four World Twenty20s, and won the competition in 2009, but have now been eliminated from the group stage in the last two. Waqar said he would be discussing his future with the Pakistan Cricket Board soon, "to see what needs to be done". Meanwhile, captain Shahid Afridi will make a decision on whether to retire only when he returns to Pakistan. "Whatever is best for the country I'll go with that. When I go back I'll take a decision," said the 36-year-old, who was appointed Pakistan Twenty20 captain for a second time in 2014. <mask_1> After Steve Smith inspired Australia to 193-4 in Mohali, Afridi's side needed to pull off their highest ever chase in a T20 to have any chance of making the knockout stage. Khalid Latif led the charge with 46 from 41 balls but James Faulkner took four of his five wickets in six late deliveries as Pakistan came up short at 172-8. <mask_1> Had they won, a narrow Australia win against India would have sent them through instead of the Aussies by virtue of their superior run-rate. "I think honestly speaking we were not good enough," Afridi said. "I think we didn't play good cricket and if you look at the bowlers they've really done well but, later on, in the last four overs, we gave 40 runs so it's not good enough if you're playing against a world-class team."
The bank, which is owned by the UK Government, was set up to fund projects which help the environment while turning a profit. It has invested £668m in clean energy schemes, including large scale offshore wind farms, in the past year CEO Shaun Kingsbury said all schemes were on time and on budget and would soon see sustained profit. The GIB, which has its headquarters in Edinburgh, invests in offshore wind, food waste to energy schemes, biomass power plants and other energy efficiency projects. <mask_1> The bank said, once the schemes were completed, they should deliver a return for the taxpayer of 8% a year. Mr Kingsbury spoke to BBC Radio Scotland's Good Morning Scotland programme on Tuesday. He said: "On the financials we've made a loss, but it's because all of the capital we've been investing has been going into construction projects. "They take 18 months to two years to reach the end of the construction process. Once they're up and running, they'll produce the income we need to turn profitable." He added: "Time will be our friend on this." Since it began lending in 2012, the bank has committed £1.3bn to green projects, with £3.5bn committed from private investors, it said. When completed, the schemes aim to save 3.5m tonnes of carbon dioxide a year, and produce enough clean energy to power three million homes. <mask_1> WWF Scotland director Lang Banks said the plans could create up to 28,000 jobs in Scotland. <mask_1> "Studies estimate that, for Scotland, alone the offshore wind industry could create 28,000 jobs by 2020 and contribute over £7bn of investment to the economy."
<mask_1> The charity, headed by Col Muammar Gaddafi's son, said it wanted to reach Gaza, but would not risk violence. In May, Israeli forces clashed with another convoy, killing nine on board. On Monday, an Israeli military inquiry said it had found mistakes were made at a senior level during the operation, which sparked international outrage, but the troops had been justified in using force. The Libyan-chartered Amalthea left Greece on Saturday, carrying food and medical equipment, as well as 15 pro-Palestinian activists and 12 crew members. Egyptian officials at El-Arish, some 50km (30 miles) to the west of Gaza, said the ship docked at the north Sinai port late on Wednesday. By Malcolm BrabantBBC News, Athens According to the ship's owner, Alex Angelopoulos, the Amalthea did not suffer a mechanical breakdown - the story about engine failure was a ploy, invented by the Cuban captain, after the Israelis surrounded the vessel and gave him an ultimatum to change course away from Gaza. The captain was trying to buy some time for the Libyan charity to muster international diplomatic support to pressure the Israelis to let the vessel through. He restarted the engines around midday local time and is now underway. Mr Angelopoulos earlier said this expedition was a risky venture, although he prided himself on taking chances. He said he was motivated by humanitarian reasons, but he is also acting in the tradition of Greek shipowners like Aristotle Onassis, who made fortunes by breaching embargoes. "As soon as the ship arrives in El-Arish, Egyptian authorities will unload its cargo and hand the aid to the Egyptian Red Crescent, which will deliver it to the Palestinian side," Egypt's Foreign Minister Ahmed Abul Gheit said earlier. The vessel was intercepted by Israeli navy boats some 100km (60 miles) off the coast of Gaza and blocked from heading any further towards the east. <mask_1> <mask_1> The Amalthea resumed its voyage mid-morning on Wednesday after idling for a few hours in international waters. <mask_1> A spokesman for the Gaddafi Foundation said those on board would not resort to violence. "First and foremost, we want to arrive in Gaza," Yussef Sawani told Al-Jazeera TV. "If this is impossible, we don't want to subject anyone to danger." Israeli officials denied the group's reports that they were given an ultimatum to change course by midnight or face a forceful takeover. Banned items: Restricted items: Source: Israeli ministry of foreign affairs Guide: Eased Gaza blockade The 92m (302ft) Amalthea, renamed Al-Amal (Hope) for the mission, is loaded with 2,000 tonnes of food, cooking oil, medicines and pre-fabricated houses, the group says. For the past three years, Israel has enforced a tight economic blockade on the Gaza Strip, only allowing in limited humanitarian aid. <mask_1> Egypt has also closed its border with Gaza, only opening it occasionally. <mask_1> Last month, Israel announced it would ease restrictions by allowing consumer goods into the territory while banning or restricting trade in weapons and materials that could have a military use. <mask_1> The Knesset decided to remove Hanin Zuabi's diplomatic passport and funding for legal defence. Some MPs complained that by penalising an Arab member, the parliamentarians were endangering democracy, but others said that it was her actions which threatened freedoms and rights in Israel. Ms Zuabi, an MP with the left-wing Arab nationalist Balad party, said the Knesset was punishing her out of vengeance and was threatening co-existence between Jews and Arabs.
<mask_1> The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) report said cockpit footage showed the plane "responding to the pilot's control inputs". Mr Hill has been the subject of a manslaughter investigation by police. The pilot was first interviewed by Sussex Police in December 2015. In a statement, which did not name Mr Hill, Sussex Police said: "A 53-year-old man from Hertfordshire has been re-interviewed by officers from the Surrey and Sussex Major Crime Team investigating the Shoreham air crash. "He attended a voluntary interview under caution at a police station in Sussex on Thursday, 1 June." In its final report on the disaster, the AAIB listed a series of failings including poor risk assessments. Investigators said the jet crashed in a fireball because it was too low to perform an aerobatic manoeuvre. A pre-inquest review into the deaths of the 11 men will take place on 20 June at the West Sussex Coroner's Court in Crawley, but no evidence will be heard.
<mask_1> The 24-carat coin will weigh 28g (1oz) and have a face value of $100 (Â£80). The US Mint says it plans to issue further coins depicting Liberty as women from ethnic minorities, such as Asian, Hispanic or Indian Americans. Rhett Jeppson, the Mint's principal deputy director, told the New York Times newspaper that part of the intention was to "have a conversation about liberty - and we certainly have started that conversation". A total of 100,000 of the Gold coins will be created, along with 100,000 silver reproductions of the image, called medals, that will sell for about $50, the newspaper reported. The coins will go on sale on 6 April. Coins bearing new designs will be issued every two years, the Mint said in a statement.
The 26-year-old Brazil international has signed a five-year deal and will join City on their pre-season tour of the United States. <mask_1> "There was interest from other clubs, but it has always been my ambition to play for Pep Guardiola," he said. His arrival takes City's summer spending to almost £150m, following the recruitment of England international Kyle Walker (£45m), Portugal midfielder Bernardo Silva (£43m) and Brazilian goalkeeper Ederson Moraes (£35m). The club have also agreed a £52m deal for 23-year-old Monaco defender Benjamin Mendy and sold left-back Aleksandar Kolarov to Serie A club Roma for £4.5m. Danilo's move is subject to him receiving a work permit, meaning he is unlikely to make his debut when City face Real on Wednesday in Los Angeles. The former Santos player joined Real in 2015 from Porto but started just 17 La Liga games last season. In two years at the Bernabeu, he won La Liga, two Champions Leagues, the Uefa Super Cup and the Fifa Club World Cup. "Danilo is a fine player who offers great versatility," said City director of football Txiki Begiristain. <mask_1>
Lawro's opponent for the Premier League fixtures on 28 and 29 December is actor Jack O'Connell. The Derby County fan, who has appeared in TV dramas such as 'This is England' and 'Skins', is the star of the new Coen Brothers film 'Unbroken', which tells the life story of star athlete and World War II hero Louis Zamperini. O'Connell, 24, is enjoying the Rams' revival under Steve McClaren, but also has happy memories of watching them when Jim Smith was manager in the late 1990s. "Stefanio Eranio was the first name I had printed on the back of my shirt," O'Connell told BBC Sport. "But quite a few players from that golden era stand out. People like Paulo Wanchope, Dean Sturridge, Aljosa Asanovic and Igor Stimac - the big Croat who ran our backline and was a fearless leader. "Since then, we have had to put up with a good decade of being dismal but now things have gone full circle." A correct result (picking a win, draw or defeat) is worth ONE point. Getting the exact score correct earns THREE points. From the Boxing Day fixtures, Lawro got six correct results from 10 games, with one perfect score. His score of eight points beat Match of the Day commentator Guy Mowbray, who picked four correct results, with no perfect scores, to give him a total of four points. We are keeping a record of the totals for Lawro and his guests (below), and showing a table of how the Premier League would look if all of Lawro's predictions were correct (at the bottom of the page). All kick-offs 15:00 GMT unless otherwise stated. Lawro's prediction: 1-1 Jack's prediction: 1-1 Match report <mask_1> Jack's prediction: I reckon Chelsea will get a run for their money but cannot see Saints beating them. 0-2 Match report <mask_1> <mask_1> Match report <mask_1> Jack's prediction: Well, as a Derby fan I am inclined to dislike Leicester and it will be a good Christmas if I am right here! 4-0 Match report <mask_1> Jack's prediction: I like Burnley a lot but it is City all day in this one. 3-1 Match report <mask_1> Jack's prediction: 0-3 Match report <mask_1> Jack's prediction: 1-0 Match report Lawro's prediction: 1-1 <mask_1> Match report <mask_1> Jack's prediction: 1-3 Match report <mask_1> Jack's prediction: 2-2 Match report Lawro was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan Lawro's best score: 17 points (week seven v Ossie Ardiles) Lawro's worst score: 3 points (week nine v Mark Wright and Karen Hauer)
<mask_1> Vidic, 34, left Inter Milan by mutual consent in January after failing to make an appearance for the Serie A side this season. "The time has come for me to hang up my boots," he told  ManUtd.com "The injuries I have had in the last few years have taken their toll. "I would like to thank all the players I have played with, all the managers and staff I have worked with, and say a big thank you to the fans for their support over the years." Vidic joined Inter Milan on a free transfer in July 2014 and made 28 appearances for the Nerazzurri in his first campaign, but did not feature for Roberto Mancini's side this season following surgery on a hernia in August. He joined Manchester United from Spartak Moscow in a £7m transfer in January 2006, and quickly formed a centre-back pairing with Rio Ferdinand. Sir Alex Ferguson's side secured a hat-trick of Premier League titles between 2007 and 2009, as well as the 2008 Champions League. Vidic won two further Premier League titles, in 2010-11 and 2012-13, and three League Cups, but his latter years at Old Trafford were badly affected by injuries, including ruptured cruciate knee ligaments  against Basel in December 2011.
Two clients paid money directly into Jonathan Green's bank accounts thinking they were settling bills with Graham Builders Merchants in Dundee. The fraud was uncovered when the company noticed the discrepancies and challenged the 45-year-old. <mask_1> Dundee Sheriff Court was told previously that Green worked for the firm as a sales manager for over a year. Depute fiscal Saima Rasheed said the first client paid £7,763 into Green's bank account. Miss Rasheed said: "When his employer chased the sum with the client, the accused told them he would 'fix it.'" The court heard that a second client made three payments totalling £65,622 into Green's bank account. <mask_1> Green admitted embezzling £73,386 from Graham Builders Merchants in Dundee between August 2011 and July 2012, while employed there as a contract sales manager. Ross Bennett, defending, said Green had been sacked by the company when the fraud came to light and the money had been repaid in full. <mask_1> Mr Bennett said: "This is very much a one-off. I would be surprised if Mr Green was ever in court again. "If he is given a fine it will have to be a significant one." Sheriff Lorna Drummond QC told Green: "You are well-thought-of, a family man, and a first-time offender. "But I have to look at the amount embezzled, which was over a prolonged period of time. "The sentence must deter others and a period of custody is inevitable."
The striker, who has confirmed he will be leaving relegated Sunderland, says he has "been blessed" to have been part of the six-year-old's life. <mask_1> He suffers from neuroblastoma and is receiving palliative care at home in Blackhall Colliery, County Durham. Listen: â€œMy relationship with Bradley Lowery was the highlight of my seasonâ€
His style influenced a generation of modern singers such as George Strait, Randy Travis, Alan Jackson and Vince Gill to name but a few. <mask_1> Only country singers Conway Twitty and George Strait have had more number one hits. Haggard's songs were the staple of honky-tonk juke boxes in the south. They echoed the aspirations and struggles of the blue-collar worker. In the words of critic Bob Allen, Haggard, above all, succeeded in "capturing in metaphor the bleary-eyed angst and dark revelations of the soul that lie beyond the second six-pack". In the 1970s, he was the scourge of liberal America with songs like Okie from Muskogee, which poked fun at hippies and the anti Vietnam war movement, and the deeply patriotic Fightin' Side of Me, a love-America-or leave-it anthem. Haggard's early life is the stuff of legend. His family migrated from the dust-bowl of Oklahoma to Bakersfield, California where Merle was born in 1937. His father died when Merle was nine, and his devout Christian mother was unable to control him. The young Merle became a teenage tearaway, hopping freight trains, working in orchards and oil fields, and getting mixed up in petty crime. <mask_1> He wound up serving nearly three years in San Quentin for burglary and escape. He was subsequently pardoned by the then governor of California, Ronald Reagan, whom he later befriended. Haggard married a waitress, Leona Hobbs, at 17, with whom he had four children over a 10-year period. He was behind bars when the first two were born. <mask_1> Songs from his experience inside include Sing Me Back Home, Branded Man and Mama Tried. His first number one hit came with I'm a Lonesome Fugitive in 1966. He achieved great popularity with an album of love songs recorded with his second wife, Bonnie Owens. <mask_1> His song Today I Started Loving You Again has been recorded by more than 400 singers. The bleakness of recession-hit America was perfectly expressed in If We Make It Through December which provided Haggard with his only significant pop hit. Between 1973 and 1976, he achieved nine straight number one country singles. His struggle with alcohol inspired Swinging Doors and The Bottle Let Me Down. It also led to divorce, his second of three. Haggard's voice, wide-ranging both dynamically and emotionally, lent itself well to interpreting other people's material too. He recorded tributes to such giants as Jimmie Rodgers, Bob Wills and Elvis Presley. <mask_1> By 1990, Merle Haggard had notched up 95 country hits including 38 number ones. Yet, within three years, he declared himself bankrupt. He continued to tour, though the venues became smaller as the advent of "new country" saw traditional singers like Haggard become passÃ©. But his final years saw a renaissance in his popularity, and his recent albums were well reviewed. <mask_1> After making a full recovery from lung cancer he released another album, I am what I am in 2011. His story is one of crime, punishment, alcoholism, and violence mixed with a love of music, religion and America. <mask_1> I'm somewhere in between, in deep water, swimming to the other shore."
Scholars from the Universities of Salford, Huddersfield and Bristol used an American replica of the monument to investigate its audio history. <mask_1> He said the research would allow a "more holistic" view of its past. The acoustic experiments could not be carried out at Stonehenge, as the derelict state of the site meant only a "few weak echoes and no noticeable reverberation" could be studied. As a result, the team used a full-sized concrete reconstruction of it in Maryhill, America, which was built in 1929 as a memorial to WWI soldiers. In February, scientist Steven Waller published a paper suggesting the design of Stonehenge could have been inspired by music. Dr Fazenda, who has been involved with the acoustic testing of the monument for four years, said his own research had not revealed if this was the case or not. "Stonehenge is very well known, but people are still trying to find out what it was built for," he said. "We thought that doing this would bring an element of archaeology that so far hasn't been looked at. "This type of research is important because now we can not only see ourselves surrounded by the stones using virtual reality, but we can also listen how the stone structure would have enveloped people in a sonic experience. "It is as if we can travel back in time and experience the space in a more holistic way." Dr Fazenda said that the data collected did not "unequivocally reveal" if the site was designed with acoustics in mind, like a Roman amphitheatre. <mask_1>
<mask_1> The 21-year-old joined Boston in 2014 from Southern Football League Premier Division side St Neots Town. York were relegated from League Two last season, having won only seven league games.
The 18-year-old came through the club's academy and made 38 appearances in all competitions this season. <mask_1> Vieira is the first player to sign a new contract with the club since they were taken over by Italian businessman Andrea Radrizzani on Tuesday.
<mask_1> The Republican presidential nominee was guilty of "boy talk" but was "egged on" by TV host Billy Bush, she added. The tape prompted dozens of Republicans to drop their support for him. <mask_1> Several women have since come forward and accused Mr Trump of sexual assault, which he denies. "I know he respects women but he is defending himself because they are lies," Mrs Trump said in an interview with CNN. "I believe my husband," she said. "My husband is kind and he is a gentleman and he would never do that." She claimed the scandal had been "organised and put together to hurt his candidacy" by Hillary Clinton's campaign team and the media. "With the details [the media] have got, did they ever check the backgrounds of these women? They didn't have any facts," she added. Speaking for the first since the scandal began, Mrs Trump defended her husband's conduct with women, saying he had never behaved inappropriately over the years. Women commonly approached her husband in front of her to give him their phone numbers and behave inappropriately, she said. <mask_1> It's not acceptable. "And I was surprised, because that is not the man that I know." After the taped remarks became public, Mrs Trump issued a statement saying she found the words he spoke to be offensive but she accepted his apology. Now she believes Billy Bush, who was fired by NBC over the tape, was the main culprit. <mask_1> <mask_1> With three weeks to go before Americans cast their vote, polls show Mr Trump with considerable ground to make up on Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in key battleground states. Who is ahead in the polls? 48% Hillary Clinton 44% Donald Trump Last updated November 8, 2016
There was a time here when tribal Tibetans roamed across a vast dramatic landscape with no specific place to call home. For generation after generation they had lived as nomads, sleeping where they made camp. They kept their livestock moving, chasing the fresh pastures that became available as the seasons changed. The limits of their territory were identified by mountains and rivers, and their nomadic existence permeated all aspects of their culture. In 2016, you might expect this lifestyle to have been fully extinguished, yet it hasn't been. Not quite. However, what's left of it is now coming under considerable pressure. We set out to visit one Tibetan community in Aba region. This place came to world attention in recent years as the centre of a wave of self-immolation suicide protests. In Tibetan towns, nearly 150 people, mostly monks and nuns, set fire to themselves in protest at the impact of Beijing's rule - the largest number of them in Aba. For this reason, security has been tight in the area for years. <mask_1> The central Chinese province of Sichuan - of which Aba is a district - is quintessential China. <mask_1> If you look at a map its virtually in the middle of the country. Yet if you drive out of the regional capital Chengdu and head west, it's not long before you enter another world. The road heads up and up until you reach the Tibetan Plateau. When people speak about Tibet they often mean what's called the Tibetan Autonomous Region (TAR). This is the area foreigners are not allowed to enter without special permission, where reporters are rarely granted access and, if they ever are allowed in, must be accompanied by a minder at all times. However, the massive area where ethnic Tibetans actually live is twice as big as the TAR, spreading out across the plateau and dipping into Yunnan, Qinghai, Gansu and Sichuan. On arrival in what you might call the Tibetan zone we are quickly spotted by police. The authorities have been expecting us. <mask_1> They have already sent messages back to us via these same locals saying we are not welcome, suggesting we go elsewhere. We have barely unpacked when government officials arrive for a chat. What are we doing here? What are our plans? <mask_1> They listen, appear friendly enough and don't kick us out. <mask_1> We get up before the sun hits the grassland. There are villages nearby and these days - during the freezing winter months at least - most people here live in fixed dwellings. Following a deliberate government policy of relocation, Tibetans have moved into the towns. Critics say this has been a control mechanism which allows the authorities to be able to track people more easily. The Communist Party says it was done to improve people's living standards, nothing more. <mask_1> <mask_1> "Nomads here are nomads to the bottom of our hearts," Kalsang Gyatso tells us. "We lived like this from ancient times. Actually we don't like being in houses." We meet him and other family members rounding up their yaks and pushing them into a pen. Soon they, like all their neighbouring herdsmen, will follow the same route as every year and drive their livestock into the mountains where the grass hasn't been touched for months. <mask_1> When they have new grass to eat, our animals will grow fat and they'll produce enough milk." He also tells us that the summer pastures have medicinal flowers which the yaks need to eat in order to stay healthy. <mask_1> Perhaps he realised that our story really is about what we said it was about and that it's not hurting anyone to speak about these matters. <mask_1> The migration is on! Cars and trucks must part a sea of animals in order to get through. Most drivers just stop and wait for the beasts to pass. <mask_1> Some of the yaks carry the bedding they'll need upon arrival as well as other bits and pieces for camping. One young man speaks to us as he rides past. <mask_1> I ask how he feels getting back to the old ways at least for a few months, expecting a description of the rich ancient culture again flowing through his veins. "I'm a little bit tired," he says. As we follow group after group heading further to the west we reachâ€¦ a grassland adventure park. <mask_1> Eventually this attraction will be able to handle thousands of tourists on any given day. We watch as yaks in their hundreds are pushed through the car park, under the main gate, past the turnstiles and soon they are surrounding the tourist buses carrying ethnic Han Chinese travellers in search of an awe-inspiring Tibetan experience. <mask_1> The government's answer: development. <mask_1> "Up here it's exactly the eating a mouthful of meat, drinking a mouthful of wine plateau feeling that I wanted," says one woman. "It feels like another world. I feel stronger about Tibetan culture because Tibetans are purer and lead a more simple life," says another and her friend nods. <mask_1> The herding communities, however, are divided about whether the explosion in tourist numbers is such a good thing. Even the Tibetans who have opened small guest lodges with areas for camping are worried that their once pristine environment is gradually being overrun. Tshe Bdag Skyabs has been travelling with his animals for two days. "On the one hand, people's incomes have increased and transportation is more convenient," he says. "But the environmental harm from development has been huge." Eventually he, his family and 400 yaks pass the tourist park and the outer limit of modern existence. They arrive at the untainted expanse of the high mountain grasslands. Here there are no shops, no roads, no tourists, but there is the space of their ancestors. "When I make it here my mood is very good, exceptionally good," he tells us. <mask_1> It's like a fairyland." They will stay here until September. They will walk with bare feet in order to preserve the flowers that their yaks need to eat. They will milk their animals to make butter tea and cheese. And when the weather starts getting cold, they'll head back down the mountain, to return again next year. When a traditional way of life collides with a massive influx of tourism it's always going to be good and bad. You can only hope that the benefits outweigh any pitfalls. But, when it comes to the grassland Tibetans - if what we have seen is anything to go by - despite everything that the modern world is throwing at them, their culture does appear to remain remarkably resilient. At least, for these communities. At least, for the time being.
The Oxfordshire box, dating from 1901, was reduced to rubble overnight as campaigners watched from a bridge. One protester said former signalmen would be "turning in their graves", while another described the flattened Banbury North box as a "crime scene". Network Rail said it was replacing more than 800 remaining signal boxes with 12 Regional Operating Centres (ROCs). <mask_1> The company delayed the demolition of the box to allow railway fans to take farewell tours in 2016. More than 3,500 visitors came to look at its bells, levers and coal-fired stove, between 10 August and 2 October. Banbury Civic Society supported plans to convert the box into an education centre but the project failed to raise sufficient funds. Rob Kinchin-Smith, its acting chair, said the company had demanded that the campaign raise Â£168,000 in three weeks to save it. He took to social media to rue the demolition, commenting: "The party's over and the star guest departs... Banbury North, it was great knowing you." <mask_1> Rails bosses said the stretch of track was now controlled from Rugby ROC, whose wider view of the network and modern traffic management software could help to reduce rail delays.
The Scottish Business Resilience Centre (SBRC) said the WannaCry attack took hold because routine software updates were ignored or put off. The security breach disrupted GP surgeries, dental practices and other primary care centres. SBRC said the attack was a "wake-up call" for businesses of all sizes. It has recommended a number of preventative measures it says all firms should follow. The centre is funded by a range of private and public partners, including the police, Scottish government, major banks and private investors. SBRC recommendations include: •  Check that all Microsoft updates have been applied. If your IT is managed by external specialists, be sure to ask these questions as soon as possible. •  Microsoft issued a patch to close the vulnerability that allows this virus to spread in mid-March. This update is called Microsoft Bulletin MS17-010. •  All machines running Windows operating systems that have not had the security patch issued in March are vulnerable. •  Make sure any anti-virus software that is being run is kept up-to-date and regular scans are being run on your system. <mask_1> •  Check if your network uses the SMBv1 protocol, which helps computers share files and documents across a network. This protocol is outdated and newer versions are available. <mask_1> "We can't recommend the practice of habitually updating systems enough, however disruptive or inconvenient at the time - as soon as those updates become available. <mask_1> Unfortunately it can take a highly publicised attack such as this to affect behaviour. <mask_1> "In reality, the simplest of measures such as those outlined in the Cyber Essentials scheme will put off the vast majority of criminal hackers - who tend to cast a wide net."
The Yorkshire left-hander, 27, who played the most recent of his 21 Tests in October, averages 101 in the County Championship this season. Uncapped Middlesex seamer Toby Roland-Jones and Hampshire spinner Liam Dawson are also in a squad of 12. The opening match of the four-Test series is Joe Root's first as captain. Durham pace bowler Mark Wood, who has not played a Test since October 2015 because of an ankle injury, also features alongside James Anderson and Stuart Broad. <mask_1> Keaton Jennings, promoted to open in Hameed's absence in India, retains his place and is set to open alongside former captain Alastair Cook. <mask_1> Cook, 32, England's record Test run-scorer with 11,057, stood down as captain in February. He averages 66 in Division One for Essex this season. Yorkshire skipper Ballance is captaining an England Lions side also featuring Jennings against South Africa in the three-day tour match at New Road which ends on Saturday. Dropped after making four consecutive single-figure scores in October's drawn Test series in Bangladesh, he has scored 815 runs in 11 championship innings this summer. "He has been in fantastic touch," national selector James Whitaker said. "He deserves to be included and we feel that he will add maturity and experience to our middle order." With Chris Woakes and Jake Ball ruled out by side and knee injuries respectively, Roland-Jones is in line to make his Test debut. The 29-year-old claimed 1-34 on his one-day international debut against South Africa in May and has taken 76 championship wickets since the start of last season, more than any other seamer. Whitaker said: "Toby Roland-Jones is a player we have been monitoring for quite some time and deserves his chance after a strong couple of seasons with Middlesex in red-ball cricket." Wood, who has taken eight wickets at an average of 34 in eight Tests, did not play for England in 2016 because of ankle problems that required three operations. <mask_1> Anderson, England's leading wicket-taker of all time, proved his fitness following a groin problem in two championship matches for Lancashire last month. Broad has been struggling with a heel injury but will play for Nottinghamshire in the One-Day Cup final against Surrey on Saturday. <mask_1> BBC cricket correspondent Jonathan Agnew: The batting order has yet to be confirmed but Jennings will open with Cook. <mask_1> Not many would have given much for Ballance's prospects after his tortuous appearances against Bangladesh. However, as Yorkshire captain, he's enjoyed a tremendous summer, and will probably bat at three with Root returning to his preferred four. England squad: Joe Root (capt, Yorkshire), Alastair Cook (Essex), Keaton Jennings (Durham), Gary Ballance (Yorkshire), Jonny Bairstow (wkt) (Yorkshire), Ben Stokes (Durham), Moeen Ali (Worcestershire), Liam Dawson (Hampshire), Stuart Broad (Nottinghamshire), Mark Wood (Durham), James Anderson (Lancashire), Toby Roland-Jones (Middlesex).
<mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> 66% <mask_1> 90% believe a diplomatic solution to national differences can be found 84% think Islamic State are a "strongly negative" influence 56% Oppose coalition air strikes <mask_1> Johnny Heald of ORB International said his company has been polling in Iraq every year since 2005, though he admits that the security situation is challenging in some governorates. The Iraq poll is not nationally representative, he notes, since it was restricted to 10 of the 18 governorates, with no interviews conducted in the three Kurdish governorates or in some of the smaller Shia governorates. He argues though that what gives his Syria poll credibility is the geographic distribution of those interviewed. "In all polling the data is only as good as the sample upon which it is drawn," he told me. "This data from Syria covers opinion throughout all 14 governorates across the country. "So it includes those people living under the control of the regime, under the control of the so-called Islamic State [IS], [al-Qaeda affiliate] al-Nusrah, the wider opposition and the YPG [Kurdish fighters]." More than 14 supervisors and 40 interviewers travelled throughout the country to collect data. "It starts with one week's training in southern Turkey where the supervisors come to Gaziantep and we go through the methodology, the questionnaire and the quality control procedures," Mr Heald said. "We pilot the questionnaire before it is fielded. We then ensure we have the relative permits/permissions to operate and undertake a risk assessment." But how do you set about conducting field research in an IS-controlled area? <mask_1> "His response is 'so long as you are not an international media station and pull out video cameras, I don't mind you doing this'." "Why is this his reaction? <mask_1> "They welcome the security, they see IS trying to help the people with electricity, with food, with petrol. In many respects it is a story they are keen to tell." 57% <mask_1> 50% oppose coalition air strikes 48% said Islamic State are a "strongly negative" influence 21% prefer life now compared to before the war This perhaps surprising finding is one of the values of this kind of survey. <mask_1> "Widespread opposition to the coalition bombing, should also make policymakers reconsider their strategy. I think the official British government line is that coalition air strikes are 'degrading' IS. "But while we can accept that it may be slowing them down," he says, "there is little evidence to suggest they are losing the war. <mask_1> For Western policymakers there is a lot to be gloomy about here. More than one quarter of those questioned in Syria still see President Bashar al-Assad as exercising a strongly positive influence over the country. But the ORB survey does find some guarded grounds for optimism. "Majorities in both Iraq and Syria, oppose the break up of their country," Mr Heald said. "Majorities think that despite doctrinal differences they are stronger together than fighting each other. Self-identifying as an Iraqi or a Syrian is a preferred option to identifying as a Sunni or a Shia." But what of the broader value of such opinion surveys? Mr Heald is a pollster so he is clearly not going to undermine his own business. But he surely makes a valid point when he says: "Policymakers need to understand public opinion in these countries. IS have an incredibly well-oiled strategic communication operation. Politicians and military leaders need to track public opinion to see where hearts and minds are and how they are shifting. "There are also significant operations taking place in country - whether they be aid-related, messaging-related or kinetic (air strikes). Only by tracking public opinion can they measure the performance and effect of these activities and thereby determine which, if any, are successful in changing behaviour."
Developers are investigating the possibility of constructing up to 14 turbines on a site between St John's Town of Dalry and Carsphairn. North Galloway Wind Energy, a subsidiary of West Coast Energy, claims Knocknalling wind farm could generate 44.8MW of energy over its 25-years. A scoping report for the project has been submitted to Dumfries and Galloway Council. It has laid out plans to erect the 150m (492ft) tall turbines over a 12-month construction period. <mask_1> He added: "This is a standard procedure that is carried out by the business on a range of sites across the UK to assess the viability or otherwise of developing a project on that site. "The carrying out of this work in no way constitutes a statement of intent regarding future development. "Any local people who are affected by the assessment activities are urged to contact West Coast Energy by email at communication@westcoastenergy.co.uk."
The men, from Walsall, are alleged to have carried out the offences in 2014. Nawaz Ahmed, 35, of Hucker Road; Amjad Khan, 35, of Durham Place, and Zahoor Ahmed, 45, of Alexandra Road, Palfrey, are due before Walsall magistrates. The offences include engaging in sexual activity with a child, inciting a child to engage in such activity and taking an indecent image. <mask_1> Nawaz Khan is due to appear on 8 March. For updates on this and other Birmingham and Black Country stories
The Grade II listed buildings in the Grangetown area of Cardiff were put on the market 18 months ago. The council has confirmed its received offers for the Victorian buildings, and is looking for a "viable and sustainable solution" for the site. Local politicians say arts and culture must play a part in any new development. A deadline for interest parties has now ended and the council has confirmed bids have been received. <mask_1> It is understood one of the bids involves a mix of business and living space. The building at Pendyris Street, which is on the edge of Grangetown, is across the river from a new enterprise zone which is seen as key to the city centre's regeneration. Conditions of the sale for business use have been to include a community room, with hopes also of potentially developing arts and dance studios, an auditorium or cinema, alongside small businesses and work units. The building was formerly earmarked as a contemporary art gallery as part of the city's failed European City of Culture bid more than a decade ago. <mask_1> The depot was used to house trams, which ran in the area from the early 1880s, and then trolley buses until they stopped running 60 years ago. The building had been used for repairing council vehicles over recent years but its redbrick facade with arches is listed. <mask_1> He said it was good news a credible developer had come forward and he was keen to speak to them once negotiations with the council were complete. "We think it's a fantastic space and we'd love to do something again there with the Diffusion festival next year," he said. "With the BBC's plans for the front of the station, that whole area will be changing in character and it would bring the Tramsheds back towards what's going on in the city centre. "It's also a very interesting building with a lively residential community in Grangetown and Riverside nearby and it would be fantastic to develop community and cultural provision for that area." Local councillor Ashley Govier said he was encouraged there had been interest. "I still want to see a cultural centre, similar to what you see at Chapter but reflecting the different cultures in this area."
Luciano Vietto opened the scoring for the hosts in the 25th minute with a low finish and the Argentine striker tapped in a second three minutes later. Wissam Ben Yedder fired home in the 34th minute and, two minutes later, Vitolo's close-range goal made it 4-0. Sevilla defender Adil Rami was sent off just after the hour mark before Sandro Ramirez netted Malaga's consolation. The victory helped Sevilla to close the gap on La Liga leaders Real Madrid, who are away at the Club World Cup in Japan, to four points. Barcelona will overtake Sevilla with victory over city rivals Espanyol in their clash at the Nou Camp on Sunday. Elsewhere on Saturday, Saul Niguez scored the only goal of the game as Atletico Madrid clinched a hard-fought 1-0 win over Las Palmas. Villarreal remain in fourth spot after their 3-1 win over Sporting Gijon. They are ahead of Real Sociedad, who beat Granada 2-0 away from home, on goal difference. Match ends, Sevilla 4, Málaga 1. Second Half ends, Sevilla 4, Málaga 1. Offside, Sevilla. Steven N'Zonzi tries a through ball, but Vitolo is caught offside. Mikel Villanueva (Málaga) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Luciano Vietto (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half. <mask_1> Attempt blocked. Pablo Fornals (Málaga) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Javi Ontiveros. Attempt missed. Gonzalo Castro (Málaga) right footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Pablo Fornals. Foul by Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla). <mask_1> Vitolo (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half. <mask_1> Foul by Timothée Kolodziejczak (Sevilla). <mask_1> Attempt missed. Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Luciano Vietto. Attempt missed. Recio (Málaga) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Javi Ontiveros. Attempt missed. Pablo Fornals (Málaga) right footed shot from more than 35 yards misses to the left. <mask_1> Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half. <mask_1> Attempt missed. Javi Ontiveros (Málaga) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Roberto Rosales. Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half. <mask_1> <mask_1> Conceded by Matías Kranevitter. Offside, Sevilla. Steven N'Zonzi tries a through ball, but Luciano Vietto is caught offside. <mask_1> Roberto Rosales tries a through ball, but Sandro Ramírez is caught offside. <mask_1> Conceded by Vitolo. <mask_1> Luciano Vietto (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half. <mask_1> <mask_1> Conceded by Steven N'Zonzi. Attempt blocked. Ignacio Camacho (Málaga) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Sandro Ramírez with a cross. <mask_1> Conceded by Diego González. Attempt missed. Javi Ontiveros (Málaga) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box misses to the left. Assisted by Roberto Rosales with a headed pass. <mask_1> Ignacio Camacho tries a through ball, but Sandro Ramírez is caught offside. Attempt saved. Javi Ontiveros (Málaga) right footed shot from long range on the right is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Roberto Rosales. Substitution, Sevilla. Diego González replaces Wissam Ben Yedder. Vitolo (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half. <mask_1> Substitution, Málaga. Gonzalo Castro replaces Juankar because of an injury.
<mask_1> Labour's Ed Balls claimed average families were £1,100 a year worse off since 2010, including Monday's changes. Both parties say their rivals have secret plans to raise taxes if they win the general election. The Lib Dems, meanwhile, are angry with the Conservatives for claiming credit for an increase in the personal income tax allowance, which they say they had to force Tory ministers to accept. The personal allowance - the amount someone can earn before they are taxed - has gone up from £10,000 to £10,600. The Tories and Lib Dems have both said they want it to go up to £12,500 by 2020, but senior Lib Dem David Laws said his party would implement this "far faster". In other news: Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls, speaking in Leeds, said Britain could not afford five more years of the Tories. <mask_1> <mask_1> The IFS "also exposes how families with children have been hit hardest", he added. "Their damning conclusion is that low-income households with children lose the most as a percentage of their income from changes implemented by the coalition. "While millions are paying more, we know that millionaires are paying less." He repeated Labour's claim that a Conservative government would increase VAT to make their sums add up - something denied last month by David Cameron. The Conservatives claim Labour would be forced to increase National Insurance contributions to pay for their spending plans. By Carole Walker, BBC Conservative Campaign Correspondent <mask_1> Mr Cameron will be meeting some carefully selected voters who will benefit from the changes. The opposing parties are already hurling conflicting statistics over how many of us have gained or lost under the outgoing government. The apparent contradictions reflect the fact that the opposing parties are choosing different figures. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> But in an apparent acknowledgement that many people do not yet feel they are benefitting from the upturn in the economy, he will say: "I don't just want people to see Britain's recovery on the TV or hear it on the radio, I want them to feel it in their lives." He'll claim that today's changes will help that to happen. Few of us want to hand over more of our earnings in taxes, but as we saw in last week's television debate, some of his political rivals are mounting strong arguments that taxes should be raised for higher earners. There is another flipside to the commitment to low taxes.  <mask_1> They have said they will save £5bn by cracking down on tax avoidance, £13bn from departmental spending and £12bn from welfare. But there remain big unanswered questions on which benefits and which government projects will have to be axed. Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg blasted Labour's policies as "economically illiterate", but also warned that Chancellor George Osborne was "a very dangerous man" because of his plan to balance the books by spending cuts alone. One of the biggest changes coming into force on Monday is the relaxation of pension rules, so that those with a defined contribution pension "pot" can take out as much as they like when they reach the age of 55. Liberal Democrat Pensions Minister Steve Webb said the principle was to trust people with their own money - but he urged people to seek advice and not rush into any decisions. This election issue includes income tax and national insurance levies and business taxes. Labour's pensions spokesman Gregg McClymont welcomed the "flexibility" in the new system but voiced concerns the pensions industry was "finding it difficult to adapt so quickly to such a big change". Other changes coming into effect include a higher limit on ISA savings, the Marriage Tax Allowance, a 2.5% increase in the state pension, the abolition of employer National Insurance on under 21-year-olds and the scrapping of the 10p tax band on savings. Working age benefit increases have also been capped at 1%. The Conservatives have produced Treasury figures suggesting 94% of households will be better off under the changes, with 92% of pensioner households also gaining. The figures do not include workless households. In his speech, Prime Minister David Cameron will say: "Today is a big day for our country. It's 'money-back Monday' - a day when, quite simply, hardworking taxpayers get to keep more of their own cash." He will add that as a result of Conservative action - including raising the personal allowance - "our country becomes a better and fairer place to live… where those who put in, get out; where hard work is rewarded; and people are trusted." Subscribe to the BBC Election 2015 newsletter to get a round-up of the day's campaign news sent to your inbox every weekday afternoon.
Rotterdam tournament director Richard Krajicek released the 21-year-old from his contract so he can take part in the basketball showpiece in New Orleans. "Kyrgios prefers his passion beyond his profession," said Krajicek. Kyrgios is suspended for eight weeks from the ATP Tour for not producing his "best effort" in Shanghai last week. The world number 14, who had won the Japan Open the previous week, patted the ball over the net several times when serving in his 6-3 6-1 second-round defeat by Mischa Zverev in China. He also began walking back to his chair before a Zverev serve had landed. <mask_1> The sanction, which included a fine of $25,000 (£20,560), will keep him off the tour until 15 January, although he could return by 7 November if he agrees to an ATP plan that he consults a sports psychologist. Krajicek, the 1996 Wimbledon champion, has added US Open champion Stan Wawrinka to the Rotterdam field in place of Kyrgios. <mask_1> "You see what can happens when he is tired and [tennis] has little meaning, as in China. We do not want that. So we decided to terminate his contract. We want a top tennis player seen on the court. Kyrgios prefers his passion beyond his profession. "If every week he is focused on tennis, he might be mentally burned out after six months. He needs an outlet." <mask_1> <mask_1> "I was trying to get there when I was 14 and every time when I'm playing now, I still think I can for some odd reason, even though I'm playing a completely different sport. "That's just the way it is and unfortunately I think my basketball career has come to an end." The NBA celebrity match is part of the organisation's All-Star weekend. It features three matches, culminating in the prestigious All-Star Game on 19 February, involving the NBA's top players. This year's weekend was originally to have been held in Charlotte, North Carolina, but was moved after state legislators introduced laws that limited anti-discrimination protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
Michael Sheill, who runs private clinics across the south east, had his registration erased nine years ago. An undercover BBC investigation found him breaking medical rules by performing consultations without a registered practitioner being present. A director of his clinics maintained they were "fully compliant with legal requirements". Mr Sheill runs clinics in Ashford, Tunbridge Wells, Crawley and Hastings. The botox drug can only be prescribed by a registered doctor, dentist or nurse - which Mr Sheill is not. Prescribers must also "undertake a physical examination of patients" before any treatment. <mask_1> When the BBC tried to contact him, the director of the Wells Clinic in Ashford - Paul Sheill - said they are not regulated by the GMC, but their "prescriptions are prescribed according to the law". The BBC understands at least two doctors - currently registered with the General Medical Council (GMC) - are prescribing the Botox to Mr Sheill without examination. The GMC confirmed if it can establish their identities, it would be their "lawful duty to investigate" and they could also be struck off. Ashton Collins set up a government approved company, Save Face, to inspect and register cosmetic clinics. She said the consultations allow the prescriber to determine dosage and check the person's medical history does not put them at risk, adding, "those things are essential to making sure the patients have a safe procedure and what Michael is doing is actually removing those safeguards". <mask_1> The reported, who visited the clinic after a tip-off, questioned him about his registration and medical licence. He was filmed saying "yes, no problem", despite not having either. James Ruby-Wicks, a former botox patient of Michael Sheill, said he was also never told a registered prescriber should carry out a face-to-face examinations and added: "I probably went to him about four to five times, I never did see anybody else just Dr Michael. I was definitely naÃ¯ve." <mask_1> The GMC is now urging all patients to check the medical register to ensure that their doctor has a licence.
Corey Price, Alesha O'Connor and Rhodri Miller, all 17, and Margaret Challis, 66, died in a two-car collision on the A470 in the Brecon Beacons in March. Cardiff City Football Club is hosting the match on Sunday, with teams made up of members of the community. Corey was part of the club's academy for eight years from the age of nine. Entry to the match at Cardiff City Stadium is free but there will be bucket collections on the day. The money will be used to pay for a Corey Price memorial bench at Ysgol Gyfun Bro Morgannwg, in Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, where he was a pupil. <mask_1> Corey and his two friends, all from Barry, were travelling together when the collision happened near Storey Arms, Brecon on 6 March. Mrs Challis, 66, from Merthyr Tydfil, was a passenger in the second car involved. Seven teenage drivers were arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving after the crash have been bailed.
Larry Flanagan criticised how some journalists and politicians "portray a problem as a crisis". He told the EIS annual meeting in Perth a "more considered analysis" would be useful. Mr Flanagan spoke as delegates confirmed they may take industrial action unless their pay improves. The union's general secretary said some teachers were fearful that in the run-up to next year's Scottish election, politicians may seek to overplay concerns to score political advantage. Mr Flanagan said there were also misgivings about the way some popular newspapers covered education, believing they sensationalised problems but did not reflect the reality of the situation in many schools and classrooms. <mask_1> But on what basis? "The inference which might be drawn from these comments is that somehow the EIS is the block to 'progress' however that is defined - when the reality is that as Scotland's teachers, we are the vehicle of progress." Mr Flanagan said no-one was suggesting "that everything in Scottish education is perfect - clearly it isn't". <mask_1> A motion calling for a back-dated pay rise was backed overwhelmingly at the conference. However, any ballot on industrial action is still some way off. Moving the motion, David Baxter from Dundee said: "A restorative pay rise will boost the economy and is needed to give public sector workers the same spending power they had before austerity and pay freezes and sub-inflation level pay awards." He added: "Teachers are working, on average, 46.5 hours on a contract that pays them for working 35 hours. "Teachers are being worked harder, paid less and are being seriously under-valued. "Teachers have had enough. This is the time to act." Seconding the motion, Mike Callaghan, from Angus, said: "If we do not take action now, after at least five years of pay erosion, when will we?" <mask_1>
Coastguard and police teams were alerted after the 56-year-old got into difficulties at St Cyrus beach on Thursday evening. <mask_1> He was flown to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary with suspected rib injuries. His condition is not believed to be life-threatening.
According to CNN, the former FBI director and his team of crack investigators were caught somewhat flat-footed by the recent email revelations. They were believed to have been focusing their attention on former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, son-in-law Jared Kushner and former campaign chair Paul Manafort, among others. <mask_1> The president, Trump Jr and his administration have quickly reformed their defences and are now dismissing the meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya last June as a minor event during a hurly-burly political season, largely lost in the fog of time, that led to nothing and which they have been admirably "transparent" in discussing. Key members of Congress seem to think otherwise, with senators like Republican Susan Collins of Maine calling for Trump Jr to be questioned by the Senate Intelligence Committee, and Republican Chuck Grassley of Iowa eager to bring Manafort before his Senate Judiciary Committee. But while Congress gears up for more hearings, Mr Mueller operates quietly behind the scenes. Where might he look first? What threads, revealed in Trump Jr's emails, will he and his team tug on, to see what unravels? Here are a few of the tempting questions he might be tempted to ask. <mask_1> It's a rather stunning detail for Goldstone to have offhandedly mentioned - and one that Trump Jr, in his "love it" response, seems to have breezed past with no comment. <mask_1> Why is this British guy emailing Trump Jr? Even if one takes Veselnitskaya at her word that she is not an agent of the Russian government and did not know or provide any damaging information about Mrs Clinton to the Trump team during the 9 June meeting, her own recent admissions raise some pressing questions. On Tuesday she told an NBC interviewer that Trump Jr, Manafort and Kushner may have been "longing for" the dirt on their Democratic opponent. "They wanted it so badly that they could only hear the thought that they wanted," she said. <mask_1> Given that Veselnitskaya is at the very least a well-connected figure in Moscow, it doesn't require a great leap of faith to think this information eventually made its way to the Russian government. If the US intelligence community is to be believed, that government soon would acquire a trove of damaging information about Mrs Clinton and the Democrats as a result of hacks it co-ordinated into the Democratic National Committee server and the personal email of a senior member of Mrs Clinton's campaign team. In the ensuing months, details from those hacks would be made public via Wikileaks at times that were particularly damaging to Mrs Clinton. Derogatory statements about Mrs Clinton's Democratic opponent Bernie Sanders were produced the week before Democrats gathered for their national convention. Transcripts of Mrs Clinton's paid speeches to Goldman Sachs were published just days before the final presidential debate - and cited during that showdown by Mr Trump himself. The Trump campaign wanted dirt on Mrs Clinton. The Russian government had it in spades. Mr Mueller might want to see if those dots can be connected. Another choice tidbit in that first Goldstone email was his suggestion that he might "send this info to your father via Rhona" - a reference to Rhona Graff, the elder Trump's personal assistant. Graff has served as the gatekeeper to Mr Trump at the Trump organisation - and, according to a profile in Politico, still is the preferred method for the president's business associates to contact him outside of White House channels. "If I really wanted to whisper something in his ear, I would probably go to Rhona," Trump business associate John Catsimatidis told the publication. The White House has said that Mr Trump did not know about the meeting with Veselnitskaya - despite the fact that his son, son-in-law and campaign chief were in attendance and it took place in his New York tower. If this assertion is proven to be inaccurate, Rhona could be the key. Trump Jr meeting scandal: The key players The middle portion of the email chain released on Tuesday morning involved Trump Jr and Goldstone trying to set up a phone conversation with Russian pop star/businessman Emin Agalarov. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Did Donald Trump Jr break the law? Four days after the first email from Goldstone to Trump Jr about the incriminating information the Russia government was said to have about Mrs Clinton, candidate Trump promised to give a "major speech" the following week discussing "all of the things that have taken place with the Clintons", including Mrs Clinton's alleged misdeeds while serving as secretary of state. "I think you're going to find it very informative and very, very interesting," he added. That speech, originally announced for the Monday after the Trump camp's New York meeting with Veselnitskaya, never took place. <mask_1> That's one more question Mr Mueller might be mulling. Follow Anthony Zurcher on Twitter.
The "birth tourism" hotels hosted mainly Chinese women who paid between $15,000 (Â£9,756) to $50,000 for the services. The raids focused on hotels suspected of engaging in visa fraud. Court records said companies would coach women to falsify records and claims for their visa screening. Birth tourism is not always illegal and many agencies openly advertise their services as "birthing centres". The raids represent a rare federal crackdown against the widespread practice of foreign nationals giving birth in the US. Undercover operation <mask_1> In one of the investigations into an Irvine "birthing centre", an undercover agent posed as a pregnant mother. She was helped to provide false proof of income and a college diploma, told to enter through popular US destinations like Hawaii or Las Vegas and make reservations with hotels and tours. A China-based "trainer" assigned to help put together the visa application asked for full-length frontal and side photo of the undercover agent's belly to see how visible her pregnancy was, according to agents. Agents were also concerned that the schemes defrauded hospitals. <mask_1> No arrests were expected on Tuesday, according to the Los Angeles Times, but authorities said investigators would be seizing evidence and interviewing the mothers to build a criminal case against scheme operators.
Officers have released CCTV of the woman driving her dog around Willingdon Golf Course in Eastbourne, Sussex. One or more buggies were driven around the course, causing significant damage, police said, while one vehicle sustained up to Â£1,000-worth of damage. PC James Gillies said it was "rather strange", not least because the buggies were later returned. <mask_1> "It appears that a key to the container may have been stolen unnoticed from the club prior to Sunday night, but the locks have now been changed," he said. PC Gillies said the woman was accompanied by another person, thought to be a man, at about 22:35 GMT. Anyone who recognised the woman or her dog is urged to contact the force.
Kent Police said the attack happened shortly before 09:00 BST when a "substance" was thrown at the victim at Ian's Plaice, off Thanet Way in Whitstable. The man was taken to hospital with facial injuries following the attack. His condition is not yet known. No arrests have been made, a police spokesman said. <mask_1>
The Englishman, appointed earlier this month, said that he was looking for "warriors" for next month's opening Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Nigeria. <mask_1> Baxter picked only two players from his own club SuperSport United, who he leaves on June 24. He is juggling both jobs at the moment, missing on the club's trip to Gabon for their African Confederation Cup assignment on Tuesday so he could concentrate on picking the Bafana Bafana squad. <mask_1> "We have players who have been outstanding in the Premier Soccer League the whole season, and we also have continuity with a number of players that Safa has invested much time in. I believe we have a good mix," said Baxter, who is back as coach for a second time. He added: "We have also looked at aerial strength and tried to spread that well throughout the team; it means if we can have good preparation before we go, then we have a squad that is capable of giving Nigeria a good game." South Africa have never beaten the Super Eagles in a competitive international but in the 2015 Nations Cup qualifiers gave away a two-goal lead in a 2-2 draw. Squad: Goalkeepers: Darren Keet (Bidvest Wits), Itumeleng Khune (Kaizer Chiefs), Ronwen Williams (SuperSport United) Defenders: Rivaldo Coetzee (Ajax Cape Town), Lorenzo Gordinho (Kaizer Chiefs), Sifiso Hlanti, Thulani Hlatshwayo (both Bidvest Wits), Tebego Langerman (Mamelodi Sundowns), Mulomowandau Mathoho (Kaizer Chiefs), Abubakar Mobara (Orlando Pirates), Ramahlwe Mphahlele (Kaizer Chiefs) Midfielders: Keegan Dolly (Montpellier, France), Dean Furman (SuperSport United), Andile Jali (Oostende, Belgium), Hlompho Kekana (Mamelodi Sundowns), Kamohelo Mokotjo (Twente Enschede, Netherlands), Aubrey Ngoma (Cape Town City), Bongani Zungu (Vitoria Guimaraes, Portugal), Themba Zwane (Mamelodi Sundowns) Forwards: Kermit Erasmus (Racing Lens, France), Thamsanqa Gabuza (Orlando Pirates), Lebogang Manyama (Cape Town City), Tokelo Rantie (Genclerbirligi, Turkey), Percy Tau, Sibusiso Vilakazi (both Mamelodi Sundowns).
An 18-strong team led by the Dundee-based South Georgia Heritage Trust will set off for the British Overseas Territory in January. They will spend three months laying out 95 tonnes of poisoned bait. The work is part of a five-year project to eradicate rodents threatening wildlife at the seabird sanctuary. South Georgia is one of the world's most important breeding sites for birds including penguins, albatrosses, and unique species like the South Georgia Pintail and South Georgia Pipit. Rats and mice which arrived on whaling and sealing ships have endangered the local bird population since Captain Cook discovered and named the island in 1775. The rodents prey on nests, eating the eggs and chicks of many native birds, and spread right across the island partly due to glaciers, which previously held them in check, receding. An international effort known as the Habitat Restoration Project is being led from Dundee, but has support from groups in Norway and the United States. <mask_1> <mask_1> In the final phase, "Team Rat" will use three helicopters to spread 95 tonnes of bait across an area of 364 square kilometres (140 square miles) to finish off the rats. The helicopters, all former air ambulances, will be in the air for almost 450 hours, distributing 260 bait pods from seven or eight forward bases to be established on the island. Project director Prof Tony Martin, from the University of Dundee, will lead the 18-strong team when they set off from the Falklands aboard the RRS Ernest Shackleton in the New Year. He said: "Once you have experienced the magic of this extraordinary wildlife wilderness, you cannot ignore the fragility of this unique environment and the challenges it faces. "It is a man-made problem, but we have a solution in our grasp." With 65% of the island already baited, the South Georgia Heritage Trust said the operation was already five times larger than any other rodent eradication area ever tackled worldwide. <mask_1> If the operation is successful, the island could be rodent-free for the first time in more than 200 years.
27 November 2015 Last updated at 01:04 GMT <mask_1> She also discusses an institution that is rarely out of the news. The ICC's critics say it is slow and expensive, and it is also controversial because so far all its cases have come from Africa. Our 100 Women season showcases two weeks of inspirational stories about the BBC 100 Women and others who defy stereotypes around the world. Like us on Facebook and follow us on Instagram using the hashtag #100Women. Listen to the programmes here.
<mask_1> The plant will be powered by a new generation of nuclear technology called the European Pressurised Reactor (EPR). China looks set to be the first country to operate an EPR reactor with one due to enter service in 2013. Olkiluoto 3, originally due to be ready by 2009, is being built by French nuclear company Areva and German engineering giant Siemens. <mask_1> It said it was waiting for a new launch date from Areva and Siemens. Work on the site in south-west Finland began in 2005 but has been hit by repeated delays and has run way over budget. Correspondents say that the French designed EPR is the big hope for a so-called third generation of reactors, said to offer increased safety and better economic competitiveness. However, a similar project in Flamanville in northern France is itself running four years behind schedule. China is building two such reactors at Taishan in the south-east of the country with the first due to enter service at the end of next year and the second a year later.
Butchart's time of 13 minutes 13.30 seconds ensured a second Olympic qualifying standard. He must finish in the top two at the British Championships in Birmingham next month to make the Games in Rio. "Getting the second Olympic qualifier was the priority," Butchart told Scottish Athletics. <mask_1> Butchart beat Muir's record, which had stood for 36 years, by over four seconds. "I didn't think about (the record) in California a couple of weeks ago when I went close but my coach and I did say last week that if the race in Holland was as fast as we thought it might be, then there may well be a chance to PB and take the record," added Butchart. "Others can still spoil the party for me, I guess, but I definitely think that for the likes of myself, we've take away one of the barriers. <mask_1> It wasn't the worst feeling in the world, I must admit!" Butchart was troubled on the last lap of his race by loose laces in his spikes, eventually kicking one shoe off and completing his record-breaking run. "Before you ask, I had them tied properly - nice and tight - at the start," he said. <mask_1> It wasn't quite like running in flip-flops but it was getting to be a problem. <mask_1> I just had to kick that one off and away and get on with it. I was thinking, this isn't the best time for this to be happening. "But you just get on with things, don't you? Lots of things can happen in athletics and you have to try and stay focused." Earlier on Sunday, Eilish McColgan ran 15.16.51 in her 5000m race to finish sixth and earn a second Olympic standard. Josephine Moultrie was in the same race and clocked 16.05 for 11th place. Steph Twell raced in the 1500m and recorded 4.10.90 for seventh place. There were sixth places for Allan Smith and Guy Learmonth in the high jump (2.15m) and 800m (1.47.23). Meanwhile, in Rabat, Lynsey Sharp went to the top of the British rankings with her first 800m outdoor run of the season, clocking 1.59.51 to finish fifth.
<mask_1> But they soon discovered she lifted her leg in an unusual way when going to the toilet and asked vets to investigate. They found that Molly had male testicles, which had not descended, and female genitalia with a poorly-formed "vestigial" penis. "Some folk would use the term intersex, some would say non-binary, in that she is not male or female, but the correct scientific term is that she is a male pseudohermaphrodite," says vet Ross Allan. He operated on Molly when it became apparent that the anatomical differences were causing problems. Mr Allan told BBC Scotland's Kaye Adams Programme:  "It is extremely rare. "In the literature there have been about 15 cases published in total. "In 15 years of doing this job I have seen this in Molly and in no other dog at all." The Glasgow vet says his colleagues in the profession had not come across it either. Mr Finlay told Kaye Adams: "When we got Molly we believed her to be a bitch. "I noticed in the house she would squat to do her pees and outside she would lift her leg." <mask_1> <mask_1> The vet says they diagnosed Molly quite early but decided not to operate until the dog had grown. He says: "We did x-rays to establish where Molly's urethra went - the tube from her bladder to the outside world - what route that took. <mask_1> "She did not have a properly formed penis. "She actually had the female external genitalia, as it were, but in the male formation. "That was the problem. It was not normal anatomy and it was getting inflamed and so on." <mask_1> "But not having the correct anatomy to do that, that was going to cause more problems as well," he said. "The problem was that if we did not operate this would have exacerbated and got worse over time." <mask_1> Mrs Finlay says: "It was a worry because it was big operation. "She was only six months old. She was tiny. When we got her she was only 11in long and six inches high. There wasn't much of her." Mrs Finlay says: "The surgery was quite nerve-wracking. My daughter Joy was saying 'don't worry mum everything's going to be fine'. "I was up at night worrying and hoping. "When she came home with us she was at the bottom of our bed, with her own blanket and she lay there crying." There was a problem with haemorrhaging but Molly stayed with the vet for a number of days and made a full recovery. <mask_1> It has now been almost a year since Molly's operation. Mrs Finlay says: "She is a fantastic wee dog, great with the grandchildren. Everyone that comes in gets their ears licked. She just runs at people and licks their ears." <mask_1>
<mask_1> Wayne Madsen weighed in with 43 before he was bowled by Ivan Thomas (2-68). The hosts eventually declared on 234-5 following a rain delay, and Kent progressed to 30-0 by the close. Godleman's fine knock was only the fifth time a Derbyshire batsman has hit three centuries in successive innings and the first since Kim Barnett in 1990. His half-century took 80 balls and he moved carefully to three figures with a single off spinner James Tredwell. The teams were forced to take an early tea at 15.15 BST because of bad light rain and Derbyshire opted to declare when play resumed two and a half hours later, but they were unable to separate Daniel Bell-Drummond (18 not out) and Rob Key (11) before stumps.
It has taken just over three years to build the facility in Iskandar, Joho, and will house to about 3,000 students. The campus is made up of two buildings, centred around an atrium known as the 'Heartspace' - a space where students can relax. Spokesman Trevor Hawkins said the campus would promote research and economic growth in Malaysia. <mask_1> The opening ceremony was attended by businessman and co-chairman of Reading F.C, Sir Jon Madjeski.
It followed an incident on the motorway near Eaglesfield in December 2014 in which Faranza Kousar, of Glasgow, died. <mask_1> No plea or declaration was made and he was released on bail.
It reported a net profit of $44.5m (Â£26.7m) in the October-to-December period, up from $2.4m a year ago. <mask_1> Weibo claims that it has over 500 million registered users. China is the world's biggest internet market and social networking sites have become increasingly popular with users. As a result, many firms have turned to the medium to advertise their products and services in an attempt to attract new customers, helping boost growth of companies such as Sina. According to the firm's latest numbers, advertising revenues at Weibo rose to $56m during the fourth quarter - a 163% jump from a year earlier. "The strong performance of Weibo's advertising and value-added services in the fourth quarter allowed us to end 2013 with strong top line and bottom line growth," said Charles Chao, chief executive of Sina. However, a report published last month indicated that the number of Weibo users declined steeply in 2013. The China Internet Network Information Center said in its annual report that almost 28 million people abandoned Weibo last year. The fall marked the site's first drop in usage amid a government crackdown on so-called 'rumour mongers' online. Weibo's surge in popularity gave users new opportunities for self-expression, but it also attracted the attention of authorities who moved swiftly to silence voices online. A law was introduced to allow the Chinese government to jail microbloggers and dozens more were arrested. Web users are  believed to have migrated to mobile messaging platforms. <mask_1>
Olivia Pinkney, Sussex Police deputy chief constable, said the officers, who are new in service, were working on the cordon some distance from the scene. She said the video did not show details of the site but a message attached to it was inappropriate and offensive. <mask_1> Eleven people died when a vintage Hawker Hunter jet crashed on to the A27 during the Shoreham Airshow on 22 August. Ms Pinkney said the force had apologised to the relatives and had admitted the families had been caused unnecessary distress. <mask_1> "Those officers have let themselves down, of course, but most importantly they have let down the 11 families of the local men who died that day," Ms Pinkney said. The police chief said she had thought about suspending the young constables, who are still in their probationary period, but she said she wanted them to "keep their shoulder to the wheel". The officers, based in Brighton, have been assigned duties away from the public. Ms Pinkney said the allegation impacted on everyone affected by the crash and detracted from the professionalism of hundreds of colleagues. She also said she was disappointed and upset by having to investigate two colleagues over the incident.
Daimler uses the refrigerant, called R-134a, in the air-conditioning units of Mercedes cars. <mask_1> Daimler says the new chemical, R1234yf, catches fire more easily. The court case comes as German car firm Volkswagen remains under huge international pressure over its failure to comply with car emission standards. According to the Commission, Daimler's safety concerns about R1234yf "were not shared by any other car manufacturer and were rejected by Germany's Federal Motor Transport Authority (Kraftfahrt-Bundesamt, KBA) and the [Commission's] Joint Research Centre". If Germany loses the case at the European Court of Justice (ECJ) - the EU's top court - it could be liable for a big fine. The MAC Directive - short for mobile air-conditioning systems - says fluorinated greenhouse gases with a global warming potential (GPW) higher than 150 must no longer be used. Since 2011 MAC systems in cars have had to comply with the directive.
In March, Gawker was ordered to pay wrestler Hulk Hogan $140m (Â£97m) for invading his privacy by publishing a sex tape. Mr Hogan's legal bill was paid by tech billionaire Peter Thiel, who said he wanted to curb Gawker's "bullying". Mr Thiel clashed with Gawker in 2007 over an article that outed him as gay. <mask_1> Mr Thiel has described his actions as "philanthropic". <mask_1> "If you're a billionaire and you have power and access to the media, you should expect now and then to get the occasional critical piece," said Mr Denton. "A wiser approach to getting angry and trying to sue a media company out of existence is to... develop a thicker skin." <mask_1> "My guess is that he has been more upset by the mockery of his political views," he told the BBC. "He is a supporter of Donald Trump, he is a libertarian, he resists the interference by terrestrial governments." Mr Thiel was among the "most extreme" of tech luminaries, Mr Denton said. Asked about the $140m judgement against Gawker, he said: "I'm confident that when this case comes before judges in a higher court that people will find again there is a place for critical journalism and it deserves to be protected. "There are substantial protections for the free press in the United States and there's protection for criticism." He defended Gawker's journalism saying it had "written a lot of stories, broken a lot of stories and annoyed a lot of powerful people." There was a "need for critical voices especially in the modern world, especially in the United States", he said.
<mask_1> The couple are not taking legal action at this stage, but may consider it in the future, the statement said. <mask_1> <mask_1> BBC royal correspondent Nicholas Witchell said palace officials believed the photographer's actions amounted to "stalking" and that lawyers were seeking an assurance he would desist. "If they do not receive these assurances that this behaviour will stop, they will then consider options of legal action," he said. Our correspondent added that the man had been warned off last week by royal protection officers and that he had also been spoken to "over a number of years" about his behaviour. Not for the first time, this is Prince William attempting to define what constitutes his family's private life as he struggles - in the face of intense global media interest - to carve out as near as normal an existence as he can for his toddler son, who will one day be king. In doing so, he's picked a very public fight with a photographer, Niraj Tanna, who is keen and determined to stand his ground. Mr Tanna's defence is that he's entitled to take pictures in a public park and he hasn't followed, harassed or intimidated either George or his nanny. William's next step could be court action. In recent years, royals and court cases have proved to be uncomfortable bedfellows. You can read more from Peter Hunt on his BBC royal and diplomatic correspondent page. However, lawyers for the photographer Niraj Tanna have issued a seven-page letter contesting the claims. The letter says Mr Tanna strongly objects to what he calls "the groundless allegations". It says it is "wholly without foundation" to accuse him of following or spying on them. It goes on to say that press photographers are "fully entitled" to take images in public places such as parks, and that any legal action will be "vigorously contested". <mask_1> Since his birth in July 2013, the royal couple have posed for a number of official photographs with Prince George. He has also been pictured accompanying his parents on state visits and with the palace's consent at other events. <mask_1> It added: "No parent would tolerate the suspicion of someone pursuing and harassing their child and carer." Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo was named as the prince's nanny in March when the palace appealed for her privacy to be respected. The Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) editors' code of practice states that young children "must not be interviewed or photographed on issues involving their own or another child's welfare unless a custodial parent or similarly responsible adult consents". IPSO replaced the defunct Press Complaints Commission last month. Before the royal couple married, the Middleton family raised privacy concerns about alleged harassment by press agency photographers. And in 2012, lawyers for the pair also took action against French gossip magazine Closer for publishing topless photos of the duchess.
<mask_1> The two men said jobs would be lost and wages hit by the "shock" of a UK exit. But Employment Minister Priti Patel is to say in a speech that businesses are hampered by EU red tape and leaving would give them "freedom to prosper". EU referendum: All you need to know In her speech to retailers, she will say government attempts to free small business from EU regulations have been "frustrated by unelected bureaucrats in Brussels". <mask_1> In their article, Mr Cameron and Mr Barber say "very special circumstances" have brought them together, saying they are "united in our conviction that Britain - and Britain's workers - will be better off in a reformed Europe than out on our own". They claim equal pay for women, paid holidays, maternity rights, equal treatment for part-time workers and protection for agency workers "could all be at risk" if the UK leaves. Pressure on the pound would also lead to higher prices, they claim, saying this is a "risk working people and the poorest in our country simply cannot afford". The joint article comes after ministers were accused in the Commons of making concessions in their Trade Union Bill in order to win unions' support for remaining in the EU. After changes including a review of e-voting in strike ballots were unveiled, former Labour minister Kevan Jones said the "climbdown" on trade unions reflected the PM's "realisation" that he would "have to keep them onside". Downing Street said the EU referendum was "a separate issue", saying many unions had already set out their views on the subject. Vote Leave, meanwhile, has produced what it calls a "new dossier" which it says shows how the EU's single market is "failing" small businesses. <mask_1> "We could roll back the frontiers of the EU and work with business to replace costly and bureaucratic EU laws with sensible and proportionate British laws. "We could make sure that businesses can thrive and prosper as we introduce one of the most flexible and liberating regulatory regimes anywhere in the world."
<mask_1> International Rocket Week 2016 traces its roots back to the first Scottish Rocket Weekend in 1986. Rocketeers coming together in Scotland have a base camp near Paisley and launch to heights of up to 16,000 ft (4,876m) from a farm near Largs.
The woman, in her 30s, was approached from behind and struck in the face before being sexually assaulted in Langdale Common, Witney at about 03:00 BST on Saturday. Police said the offender, who wore a black jacket, fled after possibly being disturbed by other people. Officers have appealed for information from anyone in the area at the time. <mask_1> "I understand this incident could cause the community some concerns, therefore additional patrols are taking place," he added.
Sudanese TV showed the triumphant arrival of the president back home in Khartoum, travelling around the airport in an open-top Landrover, with people chasing the vehicle and singing, "With our blood and souls we shall defend you, Bashir!" <mask_1> "Large crowds welcome Bashir and bury the ICC" reads a headline in Al-Ra'y al-Amm. Alwan's editorial says smugly that "His Excellency the President, his advisors and his close circle knew that he would leave and come back without them touching a hair on his head." Columnist Bashir Hamid Jum'ah sets a general tone of gushing praise in Al-Mijhar al-Siyasi, saying that the president is now a "star". "Every summit will now want to have him as a participant, because he will give it a standing and a sense of glamour". <mask_1> Other Sudanese commentators say that the incident leaves the ICC's reputation in tatters. Dhia al-Din Balal writes in Al-Sudani: "The fact that most African countries who are signatories to the Rome Statute of the Hague Court received President Bashir means in practical terms that they have left the court's statute; actions always speak louder than words". However, Al-Maydan newspaper, the mouthpiece of the opposition Sudanese Communist Party, defies the general tone of bravado, insisting that "Dafur crimes will not be dropped due to the passage of time." South African newspapers are leading with AU chairperson Robert Mugabe's comments that President Zuma had allegedly promised the AU that Bashir would not be arrested. South Africa's Times Live illustrates the story with a picture of the two leaders grinning. The Mail and Guardian further quotes Mugabe railing against the ICC, saying, "We don't want it in this region at all... The ICC was there to help us try cases, especially cases of violence in any country during an election, but those who signed are now regretting it." The Cape Times focuses on a call by the governing African National Congress (ANC) for South Africa - and indeed the entire continent - to leave the ICC. <mask_1> "It is prepared to snub those who believed South Africa was still committed to international justice... The real winner is impunity," writes Jeremy Sarkin. <mask_1> The world needs an ICC that can hold accountable those who commit international crimes. " The New York Times points the finger of blame for President Bashir's escape squarely on Pretoria. <mask_1> "The biggest losers are the innocent victims of Mr Bashir's cruel policies in Darfur who are still being denied justice." The paper warns that "South Africa cannot help but compromise its leadership position in Africa if it insists on reneging on its international commitments and protecting ruthless leaders accused of war crimes." The UK's Independent has no illusions that South Africa will be held to account, saying the ICC has no teeth. "Realpolitik usually triumphs over international justice. Like so many other flawed institutions, the ICC is all we have, and we should support it, but it is not much of a threat to anyone." BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world.  You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
<mask_1> Mr McBride urged police to contact all of the families affected as quickly as possible to allay fears. The PSNI has apologised for the distress caused to families. The body parts and tissue samples were retained as part of police investigations into suspicious and unexplained deaths between 1960 and 2005. The cases, including 23 related to the Troubles, were revealed as part of a UK-wide audit of all police forces. Mr McBride told BBC Radio Ulster's Evening Extra programme that although he personally did not know any of the 64 families whose loved ones' body parts had been retained, there was fear among many relatives that police would knock on their door. "For these families to be told all these years later, when perhaps they have buried their loved ones and even gone through the grieving process and moved on - the potential here for re-traumatisation for some families I think is immense," he said. Mr McBride called on the PSNI to ensure family liaison officers, or police with the "appropriate skillset" carried out personal visits to the relatives. <mask_1> Margaret McAlorum's 16-year-old daughter, Megan, died from head injuries after she was assaulted in 2004. <mask_1> The family later held a second burial for Megan. Her mother said families would understand why body parts had to be kept in certain circumstances to help with investigations, but she said it would be much easier to cope if they were kept informed. "If someone had rapped my door now, I would be extremely, extremely stressed," she said. <mask_1> He explained that until 2006 police were under no legal obligation to inform relatives. Officers are now visiting affected families to advise them of their options. ACC Hamilton said families "needs, wishes, trauma and upset" were at the heart of its response, but admitted that the matter could have been better handled. "We offer an apology for the upset we are causing to families," he said. "The problem has been that there was no review mechanism in place, there was no monitoring or audit so that decisions could be made... about how we would handle those pieces of human tissue, once the criminal justice element had been fulfilled. <mask_1> ACC Hamilton said most of the samples will be suitable to be handed back or dealt with in accordance with family's wishes. "Even if it does need to be retained, there still needs to be that important conversation with families to explain that we have these items and why we have it and what we intend to do with it," he said. State Pathologist for Northern Ireland, Prof Jack Crane explained that material would be kept for two reasons. <mask_1> "In many cases we carry out, we don't feel the need to retain material." Prof Crane said some of these cases had not gone through the criminal justice system and could still possibly come to court. "We would be failing in our duty if there was something that could possibly have evidential value and we had destroyed or disposed off that might still be required," he said. "There are a number of old cases being examined by Historical Enquiries Team and on some occasions they have come to us to ask us what material we might have that may be of assistance to them." Last week, it emerged that two police forces in England - Hampshire and City of London - kept body parts and tissue samples in 89 suspicious and unexplained death cases without notifying relatives. The legislation was changed in 2006 making the retention of body tissue illegal.
Payne, 27, who needed a top-10 finish to qualify for Rio, clocked one hour 58 minutes and 58.53 seconds in Kazan. Aurelie Muller of France finished 49.3 secs faster to take gold, ahead of Dutchwoman Sharon Van Rouwendaal and Brazil's Ana Chunha, who was third. "It's not the result I wanted, but it's not the end," Payne told BBC Sport. <mask_1> Fellow Briton Jack Burnell secured his place in Rio by finishing fifth in the men's event on Monday. Payne, the 2008 Beijing Olympic silver medallist, had been undecided about whether to continue in the sport after finishing fourth at London 2012. "I've only been back in full-time training for a year and maybe I've raced too much or too little," she told BBC Sport. <mask_1> Huskisson will battle Payne for the sole position Britain can now attain for the women's 10km race at the Rio Olympics and believes officials can do more to ensure fairer competition. "Most of the girls seem to think it's rugby rather than open water swimming," said Huskisson, who received a yellow card whilst trying to maintain position. "There are definitely favoured swimmers, but there's nothing you can do but go out and swim as hard as you can, which I'll continue to do."
<mask_1> <mask_1> Her lawyer says the sisters blamed her for having been raped. She is suing the Archbishopric of Santiago and the Order of St Clare. The Auxiliary Bishop of Santiago, Rt Rev Jorge Concha, said that the nun had left the convent "voluntarily" and the Archbishopric had only found out about the rape and subsequent events on 27 March. The nun told Chilean TV that she had joined the order in 2002 when she was 20 years old. She said she lived inside a convent in the capital Santiago, with very little contact with the outside world. But in 2012, a group of men was allowed into the convent to carry out some repairs. <mask_1> One of them raped her, a fact she kept secret from her fellow sisters "out of fear and shame, because a sense of shame came over me and didn't let me express myself," she told 24 Horas. Three months on, the sisters found out that she was pregnant. "[I got] zero support, they told me I was to blame, that I did it on purpose," the nun told Chilean TV. "I told them I was innocent, but my fellow sisters were very cruel to me." <mask_1> "They wanted me to hand over my habit, but I wasn't going to do that," she said. While she did eventually leave the convent she says she refused to sign any papers saying she would leave the Church. She says she sought shelter with a friend and after giving birth, put her child up for adoption. In 2015, her rapist was found guilty and sentenced to five years in jail. Her lawyer says it is time for the Archbishopric of Santiago "to own up to its responsibility" in the case. "She is a nun living in a convent who was raped and instead of being protected she was blamed for what happened," her lawyer Camila Maturana said. "In a convent, where nuns are kept separate from worldly life, men shouldn't stay overnight," Ms Maturana said. "All religious institutions in a diocese fall under the aegis of a bishop, in this case it's the Archbishop of Santiago," she added, to explain the decision to sue the Archbishopric as well as the Order of St Clare. The nun said she felt "abandoned by my only family and my Church, which I have always defended like a lioness". Bishop Concha said the Archbishopric had been unaware of the nun's plight until 27 March.
<mask_1> "We beat a number of top American and European clubs to Asisat's signature," said Beard as he welcomed the 20-year-old striker. "Asisat is one of the best young players in the world." In addition to her star performances in the U20 World Cup, Oshoala also collected the Golden Ball award as the senior Nigeria team qualified for the 2015 World Cup by winning the African Women's Championship. And she was named 2014's African Women's Player of the Year and Youth Player of the Year after helping her club side Rivers Angels become Nigerian champions. Beard added: "She's not the finished article yet but she's got pace, power and she certainly knows where the goal is. "I watched her at the Under-20 World Cup, where she was sensational, and we had early dialogue with her about coming to Liverpool. <mask_1> Oshoala, nicknamed 'Seedorf' after Dutch legend Clarence, said: "To be able to join the reigning Super League champions is absolutely fantastic. Media playback is not supported on this device "Liverpool Ladies are a massive club with some fantastic players who I believe can help me to develop my game to the next level. <mask_1> Oshoala is Beard's fourth signing of the window after he also added Satara Murray, Ingrid Ryland and Line Krogedal Smorsgard to his squad. Key players Lucy Bronze and Amanda da Costa have departed, to Manchester City and Washington Spirit respectively. But the manager reckoned: "With the addition of these four new players I believe this is the best squad I've ever put together. "We've won the league for the last two years and we'll aim to do it again, although next season is going to be the most competitive ever. "Clubs like Manchester City and Notts County have recruited really well and I can see four or five teams battling it out for the title. "We can be one of them, especially if we can avoid the dreadful injury problems we had early on last season."
The Devon side, second in the Premiership, stumbled to a bonus-point win over Sale on Saturday. "I'm kind of pleased that it should be a bit of a kick in the backside, but without us losing any points," he said. "We haven't had a weekend off since the very first week of the season now, for 30 weekends." As well as their 18 league games, Baxter's side have competed in the European Champions Cup this term and reached the Anglo-Welsh Cup final. <mask_1> "We need a bit of time just relaxing and enjoying ourselves because, although we've had some good results, have the lads really been able to celebrate them? Probably not," Baxter added to BBC Radio Devon. "Now they genuinely can, and then we can move on. "If we're not prepared to set ourselves some higher standards [than the Sale match], we're going to have some tough games up ahead."
A report into HMP Dovegate also found high levels of violence, insufficient staffing, unjustified segregation and poor visiting arrangements. It was, though, praised for good living conditions and resettlement work. The Category B jail houses about 1,060 male prisoners and is run by the private firm Serco. Chief Inspector of Prisons, Nick Hardwick said the jail's performance "had dipped" since its last inspection in 2013 under a new management team. <mask_1> The use of force by staff was higher than average, attendance at activities was poor, and skills provision was inconsistent. <mask_1> "There remains much to do," he said. Michael Spurr, from the National Offender Management Service, said: "The prison is working hard to tackle violence, and is working with Ofsted to improve education outcomes for prisoners." HMP Dovegate houses a 200-bed therapeutic unit, which is subject to a separate inspection report.
The London businessman has reassured staff that "all payments and wages due to themselves, players and football creditors would be paid in full this week, subject to Conference status". The Football Conference say they need concrete assurances from the club. If football creditors are not paid by Saturday's Conference Annual General Meeting, the club risk expulsion. <mask_1> <mask_1> "We're not here to put clubs out of business, we're here to protect our members," he told BBC Hereford & Worcester. "We have made it very clear to Hereford what is expected. <mask_1> "They have just had a winding-up petition, which has been adjourned, and given them a bit of time, but the debt is still there. "They then face another winding-up order in a short period of time and have a number of football creditors. "We need compelling evidence that Hereford United will not only start next season but will finish it." In the club statement released by Hereford, Agombar, whose son Harry played for both Swindon Town and Macclesfield Town, said: "I'm a football man and I want what is the very best for Hereford United and its supporters. "They've endured a very hard time in recent months and years. We have to put things in place to avoid that happening again. Media playback is not supported on this device "<mask_1>. "We are currently liaising with the Football Conference regarding the club's current situation." Bulls chairman David Keyte, whose own future is not yet clear, was reported to have been in talks with three different rival bidders regarding a takeover. A statement was released last Thursday saying that the consortium of investors involved in trying to take over at Edgar Street had "begun the process of payments" to the Bulls' football creditors. But the club are also overdue with their latest PAYE tax demand and they remain under a winding-up petition brought by former Hereford manager Martin Foyle, which was adjourned on Monday for 28 days.
The 49-year-old, who was in a Range Rover, suffered head injuries in the incident near junction 6a in Hertfordshire on 16 May. A Hertfordshire Police spokeswoman said he may have faced prosecution for not wearing a seatbelt. She added that in relation to the incident "no further action will be taken". The singer could not be reached for comment. Michael was airlifted to a specialist trauma centre in London following the accident and spent nearly two weeks in hospital before being discharged. Hertfordshire Police said officers were unaware of any damage to the Range Rover and confirmed no other vehicles were involved. The former Wham! star was travelling as a rear seat passenger. In September 2010, he received an eight-week prison sentence after crashing his Range Rover into a shop in north London. <mask_1> <mask_1> He had been found collapsed in his Mercedes.
<mask_1> Hial bosses said they would make a formal offer to "resolve this issue as quickly as possible". The Prospect union welcomed the move. Hial, which is owned by the Scottish government, operates airports in the Hebrides, Orkney and Shetland, Dundee, Argyll, Inverness and Wick. About 120 staff from security company AMSL took part in industrial action last week as part of a dispute over pay. Hial managing director Inglis Lyon said he hoped the issue could be swiftly resolved. <mask_1> "It has always been the intention of the company to address the concerns of security staff, but it is impossible to do so under the threat of industrial action. "It is important that we resolve this issue as quickly as possible. The threat of further industrial action is in no one's interests, particularly as we approach the busy summer season." Prospect national secretary Alan Denney said he was "pleased" that Hial had "made progress". <mask_1> We hope this will lead to a swift resolution of our dispute. "The legal mandate for further strike action remains, but if Hial makes a reasonable offer which addresses our objective of securing equal treatment for AMSL workers, we should not need to exercise that option." Prospect represents 120 of AMSL's 160 workers at the 11 Hial airports.
<mask_1> Campaigners had long claimed dealing with stalking under existing harassment laws was inadequate. In Scotland stalking was made an offence in 2010. A parliamentary inquiry earlier this year found  that about 120,000 victims, mostly women, were stalked every year. However only 53,000 incidents are recorded as crimes by police - and only one in 50 of these reports leads to an offender being jailed. The inquiry called for a new offence to be introduced at once, saying harassment and intimidation could often turn into murder. <mask_1> The new law of stalking carries a maximum six-month sentence and stalking involving a fear of violence or serious distress carries a maximum five years in prison. BBC legal correspondent Clive Coleman said the government hoped that adding specific offences of stalking would provide greater clarity around the offence for the police and others looking to improve the safety of victims and bring perpetrators to justice. The calls for reform came after a series of cases involving stalkers who went on to kill, including Clifford Mills, 49, who stalked his ex-girlfriend Lorna Smith on Facebook before stabbing her to death at his flat in Brixton, south London, in February last year. He was jailed in February  for life, with a minimum term of 21 years, after being found guilty of murder.
<mask_1> <mask_1> The movie is about two young lovers who commit numerous robberies and murders during a wild three-week spree. Stone is in the western Indian city of Mumbai (Bombay) to receive a lifetime achievement award at a prominent film festival. "Indian cinema is very prolific. I can't keep up. I used that vitality in Natural Born Killers. I love that the films switch from comedy to romance and then to tragedy. I love that," Stone told reporters. He said he had studied Indian filmmaker Satyajit Ray's works in school. <mask_1> If I had Danny Boyle's luck, I'd make Slumdog Millionaire. There was a good detective story [based in India] written two years ago but..." Stone shot parts of his film Alexander in the Ladakh region which he described as "beautiful". Stone said his 10-part documentary mini-series, The Untold History of America, will air sometime next year.
<mask_1> Revenues more than doubled to Â£188m in the quarter. Aston Martin, which has made an annual loss for each of the past six years, was sold by Ford in 2007 to Italian and Kuwaiti investment firms. The company has gone bankrupt seven times in its history. Aston Martin sold just 3,687 cars last year, but hopes that its latest models will increase sales by more than 30% in 2017. "The amount of customers who are buying these cars... has doubled year on year," said Mark Wilson, the chief financial officer. "We're now in an area and an environment where we are generating demand in excess of supply." The company said it was still planning to enter the electric car market. Last year, it announced a tie-up with LeEco, the Chinese backer of the electric car start-up Faraday Future.
<mask_1> He took the award over Houston Rockets guard James Harden and San Antonio Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard. Golden State forward Draymond Green was named the best defensive player after winning the NBA title. <mask_1> He also set the new standard by recording 42 triple-doubles, one better than the former single-season mark set by Robertson. And he made NBA history scoring the highest ever triple-double with 57 points, 13 rebounds and 11 assists against Orlando Magic. "It was obviously an amazing season for me but without these guys and the rest of our guys that are not here, none of this would be possible," Westbrook said. "So this award is not for me. This is for all you guys and I am very thankful to have you guys in my corner. You guys are my brothers for life." A triple-double means a player has recorded a double-digit number in three of five statistical categories - points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks. Before the season critics had doubted whether Westbrook would continue to thrive following the departure of former MVP Kevin Durant - who left Thunder in the off-season. Durant went on to secure his first NBA title with Golden State, but despite the loss, Westbrook-led Thunder recorded 47 wins, just eight fewer than the previous campaign. <mask_1> Milwaukee Bucks guard Malcolm Brogdon was named Rookie of the Year, while Houston Rockets guard Eric Gordon earned the Sixth Man Award for his work off the bench as a substitute.
<mask_1> In a statement, her family said they were "heartbroken". The westbound carriageway was closed for five hours between junctions 29 and 32. Ms Connors was pronounced dead at the scene. Her family said they were trying to come to terms with what had happened and described her as a "loving mum, grandmother and great-grandmother".
There did not appear to be any obvious link between them, but the group of five were indeed connected - by a dark, despicable secret. <mask_1> They targeted and preyed on vulnerable children aged between 10 and 15, in a "systematic and devious manner" before repeatedly abusing them and passing them from one abuser to the next. "On some occasions, victims were given alcohol before the abuse took place," said Ed Beltrami, chief crown prosecutor for Wales. <mask_1> "Once they're into the ring then they are passed around from one offender to the other. " The five men - two other defendants; retired teacher Roger Griffiths, 76, from Wrexham, and ex-slaughterman Keith Stokes from Farndon, Cheshire, were cleared of all charges - must have felt confident they would never be held to account for the young lives they had broken. After all, they remembered a time when sex abuse claims against men, often in positions of influence, were routinely dismissed out of hand and not taken seriously. But the two-month trial at Mold Crown Court is a reminder of how things have changed. Now, complaints of abuse - no matter how long ago - are treated differently. They are taken seriously. Rumours of a paedophile ring in Wrexham were nothing new. They had been circulating for years. In 2000, the Waterhouse inquiry into physical and sexual abuse in north Wales children's homes acknowledged its existence. "Twenty-five years ago, when I was first involved in digging this up, there was almost like a wall of silence," said Malcolm King, a Wrexham councillor who has been instrumental in exposing abuse of children in care. "There was almost a disbelief that this sort of evil could be going on in our midst without us ever knowing about it." "So breaking that dam of disbelief has been one of the important things that has happened over the past quarter of a century. <mask_1> "But nevertheless, people remain silent with the most terrible things having been done to them." <mask_1> The stress of facing their nightmare past, raking up excruciating memories and of being branded liars by the very men who brutalised them, can only be imagined. "There is no forensic evidence - it's far too late for that," explains Mr Beltrami. <mask_1> <mask_1> At the time, he worked as a professional wrestler and ran a sex shop. He was also the ringleader of the gang of paedophiles. He had taken in two lodgers - Neil Phoenix and local radio personality Roy Norry - who exploited his local celebrity status to ensnare his victims. Together with civil servant Edward Huxley, they met former singer David Lightfoot who ran a bar in the town centre called Snowy's. Here, the gang also gathered young boys to abuse. The grooming tactics adopted by the abusers have been described as "carefully planned and single minded" and continued over their victims' childhoods. "They were clearly vulnerable young people," said Ian Mulcahey, senior investigating officer with the National Crime Agency. "They were targeted because of that reason. <mask_1> Verdicts <mask_1> Some by chance meeting, then they've groomed them and  built up levels of trust. "They've plied them with alcohol, they've given them attention. These were very vulnerable young boys. They've played on that vulnerability." The men took them on car trips, provided pornography, drugs, drink and sometimes money. <mask_1> "I think the victims are incredibly brave," Mr Beltrami added. "They have suffered over a very long period of time. "It's not easy to come along and give evidence of sexual offences that have been committed against you in your childhood, particularly going through the criminal process with someone else coming along with suggestions that you're making it up. That's a hard process." "Whilst the criminal justice process cannot put right the wrongs committed by these individuals, we hope that the victims will take some solace in knowing that their abusers have been brought to justice." <mask_1> Connections with some of these men can be made with other known paedophiles. Cooke once worked for notorious paedophile John Allen, who ran children's homes in north Wales and was jailed for life in 2014. There is evidence that they preyed on the same victims. As talk of conspiracies and establishment cover-ups continue, and as Operation Pallial presses on with its quest to expose historical child abuse in the region - it is fair to say this is unlikely to be the last we hear of this episode of north Wales's dark and shameful past.
<mask_1> Way, way too much perspective. <mask_1> A record hiding. A shellacking to end all shellackings. Swing Low Sweet Chariot rung out around Twickenham in the last minutes, a hymn to a thunderously impressive team as they laid siege to the Scottish line in pursuit of an even bigger victory over Scotland than the one they  had - which was already the biggest of all time. <mask_1> Sixty-one points. <mask_1> The surreal thing is that Scotland's unrelenting Kafkaesque nightmare began after just two minutes when Fraser Brown was put in the bin. While he was there, the game was won and lost. Just like that. English power, English pace, English points. Lots and lots of them. Eddie Jones did his stuff. <mask_1> <mask_1> Scotland were spooked now. <mask_1> Stuart Hogg dropped a high ball and a minute later it was 10-0. <mask_1> Then it all got weird as well as woeful. Hogg disappeared for a head injury assessment and wasn't seen again - another colossal blow to Scotland's morale. Mark Bennett came on, got injured after a few minutes and then went off again. Tommy Seymour was now playing full-back, Ali Price was on the right wing, Henry Pyrgos was scrum-half. Deckchairs. Rearranged. Titanic. <mask_1> Metaphorically, the visiting fans were on it. In body they were still there cheering their team. In mind, they were out of there. Gordon Reid's try wasn't so much of a sign of a comeback as a consolation. After half an hour. And even when the prop blasted over, and Russell converted, Scotland's death-wish kicked in again. More Scottish indiscipline gave Farrell another shot at goal and the centre knocked over his kick. At 23-7 the Scots were on the canvas. The misery was in seeing them having to get up only to get knocked down again. Two minutes after Farrell's penalty, Joseph plunged the knife deeper, exposing the midfield defence and teeing-up Anthony Watson. That was just before half-time. Just after, Joseph got his hat-trick. A third single-phase score, a continuation of the catastrophe. England were an angry and focused team. All the chat about their slow starts to games was dynamited to kingdom come, all the talk about them having not played particularly well in this Six Nations was consigned to the rubbish bin. This was a mighty response. A vicious deconstruction of Scotland's momentum. Another injury hit them early in the second half. Of course it did. <mask_1> Soon after, Farrell's boot brought up the 40 for England. God help them, but Scotland did their best to fight the inevitable. They tried to play, tried to avoid the concession of the kind of Twickenham points mountain that would have broken records. Jones scored, but England stirred again and Billy Vunipola replied. <mask_1> Six tries and it could have been seven had it not been for a Jones try-saver on Watson. Scotland wanted the whistle now - they wanted it from midway through the first half if truth be told - but they didn't hear it. They were out on their feet, the English substitutes coming on and turning the screw, piling on the grief like the best teams do. No let-up, no throttling down on the power. This is how champions behave - and England are fine, fine champions. They went for their seventh try and their 60th point as if they needed it like they needed their last breath. They camped themselves on the Scottish line, put them through scrum upon scrum, defence upon defence. <mask_1> Physical and mental. Care got that seventh score to complete the jaw-dropping rout. Nobody could see this coming. Nobody. Scotland came here in search of a dream. <mask_1>
There I was thinking it was turning into a big love-in after Andrew RT Davies and Carwyn Jones were in danger of agreeing with each other on the need for an M4 relief road and the sterling work carried out by retiring assembly members, when Leanne Wood stepped into the fray. She'd clearly established that this wasn't the time for sentimentality and hit the first minister with a triple whammy by accusing him of five years' worth of evasion, failing to answer questions and a lack of engagement. Ouch. It was a sharp reminder that we're about to enter an election campaign. And it was also clear that economic development will play a big part in Labour's campaign, with Aston Martin not only being mentioned twice but a claim that there'll be more jobs announcements in the coming weeks. Carwyn Jones then attacked Plaid, claiming their policies usually involve the creation of a "national committee of some kind". Now that the sentimental spell had been broken, Kirsty Williams followed in kind by criticising Labour's record on access to GPs, child poverty and education standards. Much of it was standard pre-election fare but there was an interesting tone from Carwyn Jones on proposals for the M4 relief road. He said: "We wish to see the M4 relief road being built. It's true to say that our preferred route is the black route but of course we are willing to examine other options should they prove feasible." That doesn't sound to me like a man who's preparing to go to battle on the so-called black route and is a marked difference in tone to that used by the outgoing economy minister Edwina Hart. There are two proposals. The black route is a new six lane motorway to the south of Newport, while the much cheaper blue route is an upgrade of an existing southern distributor road which would involve removing the roundabouts in what is largely a dual carriageway. <mask_1> Last week it emerged that the black route is after all going to cost Â£1.1bn, despite Carwyn Jones saying it was going to come in  way below that figure. <mask_1> <mask_1> Instead they made a commitment to have diggers in the ground within a year. <mask_1> The metro, to improve bus and train services in south east Wales, is supported by virtually everyone while the M4 relief road is one of the most divisive subjects in Welsh politics.
8 January 2016 Last updated at 07:58 GMT <mask_1> It's controlled by a tablet and the passenger can choose their destination on it. The drone, which has 8 propellers, takes between 2-4 hours to charge and would last for around 23 minutes flying time.
Paul Chichester was back in his home city to speak to businesses. He said cyber security was increasingly relevant regarding personal data and also online banking and shopping. London-based NCSC, part of intelligence and communications agency GCHQ, was officially opened in February. Mr Chichester said it dealt with the full spectrum of threats from nations trying to steal secrets and harm the UK's critical infrastructure through to citizens worried about bank accounts and personal identities online. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> I visited Airbus [cyber security centre in Newport] recently and they have some fantastic capabilities there in their cyber arena." A National Cyber Security Academy has been established in Newport to train the next generation of experts, while the Welsh Government wants to make south east Wales a hub for the industry. "There are some really good beginnings there but we want to see more. In academia, we want to see the universities going on to be some of our centres of excellence." He said it was also about underpinning digital knowledge at an early age and he was positive more children were growing up "living and breathing technology", with primary schools developing coding. NATIONAL CYBER SECURITY CENTRE Mr Chichester, who met members of Cardiff Business Club, said attacks were happening all the time, and included businesses being held to ransom by cyber-criminals hacking and taking over systems. "Businesses and citizens are being targeted every day," he said. "People need to be on their guard all the time and on the look out for suspicious emails or just be conscious that people are trying to get access to their data." He said businesses also needed to regularly back up their data, especially with "ransomware" a real threat to the business community - when people take over systems and demand money before giving access back.
Promising "the hottest bands and artists in the world right now" the series is due to debut in the autumn. It has yet to receive a title or a timeslot, but will be made by James Corden's company Fulwell 73, whose work includes the wildly-successful Carpool Karaoke series. An initial run of six episodes has been commissioned. Top of the Pops was also commissioned for half a dozen episodes in 1964 - but ended up running for 42 years, providing the BBC an unrivalled catalogue of performances by the likes of The Rolling Stones, Nirvana, Beyonce, David Bowie and Madonna. It registered its highest audience in 1979, when more than 19 million people tuned in to see Dr Hook's When You're in Love with a Beautiful Woman topping the chart. But by 2002, it had lost millions of viewers to 24-hour music channels like MTV. The show was eventually shunted to BBC Two before being cancelled. Re-runs of old episodes continue to be screened on BBC Four, while the brand is resurrected for Christmas specials every year. <mask_1> Instead, it promises "live music performances, sketches and interviews". <mask_1> Both shows included live performances and shareable moments, such as Adele auditioning to play her own lookalike. Speaking to Music Week last year, Fulwell 73's Lou Pearlman described how the company would approach such a show. "[If Top of the Pops was on now] it would have moments that would have ended up having 20 million views over the course of a few weeks," he said. "Whether it's a live music show or not, whether it's performances or not, I just think there's something amazing to do in that space. "There's nothing aimed at that weekend audience, nothing contemporary and relevant. <mask_1> <mask_1> "The BBC is the biggest music broadcaster in the UK and we are always looking for new ways to bring music to our audiences," said Bob Shennan, director of BBC Radio and Music. "This series will be a fantastic opportunity to showcase the biggest and best UK and international bands and artists." Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
A family statement announced the Canadian singer's death "with great sadness... after a prolonged struggle with Alzheimer's disease". Vickers' career spanned three decades and saw him sing some of opera's most challenging roles. His distinctive voice was described by one reviewer as holding "100 colours and inflections". His family paid tribute to "his ringing laughter, warmth, and generous spirit". Born in rural Saskatchewan in 1926, Vickers was described as "a deeply religious and private man". At 24, he won a scholarship to the The Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto, where he studied for five years. <mask_1> Motivation <mask_1> The same year he starred opposite Maria Callas' Medea at Covent Garden. <mask_1> "The meeting of character and singer," critic Leighton Kerner said of Vickers' Grimes, "has proved to be one of the mightiest collisions in 20th century opera". Vickers claimed that his approach "hung on the music, absolutely  - everything I do as an actor I find a motivation for in the music". His deep faith - he was once dubbed "God's voice" - saw him refuse to perform some roles on moral grounds, specifically, Tannhauser. A recipient of many honours and awards, including two Grammys and a Companion of the Order of Canada, Vickers announced his retirement in 1988. He leaves a sister, five children, eleven grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
Her surprise appearance was documented by fireman Rob Petty at Chelsea fire station. Writing on Facebook Mr Petty posted: "Lovely girl, genuinely grounded, interested and humbled. Beautiful." Station manager Ben King said: "She just turned up at the station and knocked on the window and said she has some cakes for us. "So we opened the door to her and then she took her sunglasses off and said: 'Hi, I'm Adele'. Everyone was so shocked. <mask_1> <mask_1> It's not the first time Adele has shown her support for those affected by the blaze which engulfed the tower block in the early hours of last Wednesday. The singer was spotted comforting locals at a vigil for the victims a day after the fire in which 79 people are now missing presumed dead. Other high-profile figures have also offered help and support including chef Jamie Oliver, singer Lily Allen, and actor Tom Hardy who started a crowdfunding page to raise money for victims. Meanwhile, other people have been showing their support for the fire crews through The Fire Fighters Charity. By Rozina Sini, BBC's UGC and Social News team
<mask_1> Activists said that the detainees were planning to hold public campaigns against sexual harassment. Correspondents say the police appear to be holding at least one of them for an unusually lengthy period, as she was taken into custody on Friday. Police in China usually release or charge a detainee within three days of their arrest, and Li Tingting, also known as Li Maizi, was detained on 6 March. Chinese activist Feng Yuan, speaking from New York where she was participating in a UN women's issues events, said lawyers for the five in custody had not been able to reach them since their arrest. "We're worried that they're still detained," Ms Feng told AP news agency. "We don't understand how this has to do with public safety. And this goes against what the Communist Party and the government says they want to do to build a safer, crime-free society." This year's International Women's Day coincided with China's top political meetings and observers say Chinese authorities often detain activists before the start of major political or international meetings. Eight women's rights activists were taken to police stations on Friday and Saturday, and three were released after a few hours. One of those released told the BBC that the police told her to warn people not to take part in planned events. Among the activities which the activists had planned were a march in a Beijing park where participants would wear stickers advocating safe sex and action against sexual harassment; and gatherings in Beijing and Guangzhou calling for awareness of sexual harassment on buses. She added that the five who are still in detention are either members, or founders, of women's rights and gay rights groups in Beijing, Hangzhou and Guangzhou. <mask_1>  One of the activists - who did not want to be identified - told the BBC the police detained her for two hours over the weekend. She had planned to take part in a protest at Beijing's Olympic Park to raise awareness about sexual harassment. <mask_1> But this year's event coincided with China's annual parliamentary session, during which security is tighter than normal. The police routinely detain people organising protests on vague charges of disturbing the public order. <mask_1> But increasingly the authorities are cracking down on non-governmental organisations pursuing their own agendas. China is currently holding what is informally known as the "two sessions" - the keenly watched annual meetings of its legislature, the National People's Congress, and its advisory group, the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. The sessions began last Thursday and are due to end on Sunday. <mask_1> Official celebrations of International Women's Day were also held last week.
About 3,000 people aged 10-18 debated the issues and came up with 500 clauses they would like to see in such a document. Now the public can have their say. The current number one is: "Not let companies pay to control it, and not let governments restrict our right to information." <mask_1> Judging by the current top 10 - voted on by more than 30,000 visitors to the British Library's website - people clearly want the internet to be an impartial source of information for all, free from government censorship and surveillance, and free from commercial control. However, the issues concerning most young people who took part in the debates and workshops were safety and cyberbullying, in contrast to those concerning the public in general. <mask_1> <mask_1> "These 'Top 10' clauses we have revealed today show a snapshot of how the public feel at this 800th anniversary moment about our rights and responsibilities on the web." Magna Carta was granted by King John of England on 15 June 1215, establishing that the king was subject to the law rather than being above it. The joint project has involved the British Library, the World Wide Web Foundation, Southbank Centre and the British Council. The voting is still open so the British Library expects the Top 10 to change over time. Sir Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the world wide web, has voiced his support for the project. "It's important for young people to think about the future now, when we are deciding what sort of a future it will be. "It's going to be a future they will have to live in," he said.
<mask_1> It will also begin research into the sentencing of sexual offences. The council was established a year ago in an attempt to improve public confidence in the sentences passed by the courts. <mask_1> "We will take the time to properly research each area and consult widely, not only with our justice partners, but with relevant groups and the wider public. "We welcome input from those interested and encourage you to have your say in helping to shape Scotland's first sentencing guidelines." The council will now consider how young people should be sentenced and begin work on its first offence-specific topics. In a statement, the council said: "Death by driving is a serious matter that affects people across Scotland. The circumstances are often complicated and this can lead to extremely difficult sentencing decisions. Fatalities have a huge impact on families and local communities. "Environmental and wildlife issues have particular significance in Scotland relevant to tourism, rural industry and the local economy. Guidelines on environmental offences will be particularly helpful in setting down an approach to how corporations should be sentenced." The council will also look ahead to considering theft, property offences and domestic abuse from 2018-2021.
The visitors made a strong start to the game but it was the hosts who opened the scoring courtesy of Ryan Hardie's strike. Dumbarton levelled when Christian Nade nodded in. Daniel Harvie gave them the lead before Gregor Buchanan turned the ball in at the back post. The win ended a three-game losing run for Stevie Aitken's side, but the home side were booed off the pitch as their winless run extended to 12 league and cup matches. Raith boss Gary Locke made three changes to the side beaten by Hearts in the Scottish Cup in midweek and he saw his team take the lead in controversial fashion. Mark Stewart looked to have fouled Harvie before crossing for Hardie to score his fifth goal of the season, but referee Mat Northcroft waived away the Dumbarton appeals. Kevin Curthbert had done well to save efforts from Robert Thomson and Sam Stanton in the first half, but he was well beaten after the break when Nade rose above his marker to head Stanton's cross into the net for an important equaliser. Referee Northcroft then waived away a strong penalty appeal when Andrew Stirling looked to have been brought down in the box, but the visitors did go in front when Aberdeen loanee Harvie was allowed to run and shoot past Cuthbert from 20 yards. To compound the home fans' misery, the Raith defence then allowed a Stanton corner to drive right across the box to Buchanan, who made no mistake with an angled shot. Raith have not won a match since 29 October and they go to Dundee United next week in danger of being dragged towards the relegation zone, while Dumbarton will face St Mirren in confident mood after a thoroughly well deserved win. Raith Rovers manager Gary Locke: "The second half showed the after effects of the cup ties against Hearts, but we need to look to win our home games and we have to do better than what we produced today. "Heads went down and there should not have been any reason for that, it was one of those days where we looked tired, but the run is alarming and while we did well against Hearts we have to find the consistency and we cannot go blaming each other. "It is a tough spell, but at the end of the day you either disappear or come out fighting and we intend to do that." Dumbarton manager Stevie Aitken: "After 10 minutes [new assistant] Ian [Durrant] turned to me and said 'what am I doing here', but he has made a massive difference in the time he has been at the club and this was a terrific result. "Ian's presence about the place gives everybody a lift and we are delighted to get somebody with his ability in. "There is a spell of games coming up that will test us, but if we keep producing performances like that, I am sure we will continue to do well." <mask_1> <mask_1> Calum Gallagher (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. <mask_1> Calum Gallagher (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. <mask_1> Hand ball by Stuart Carswell (Dumbarton). Ross McCrorie (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Kyle Benedictus (Raith Rovers). Substitution, Dumbarton. Tom Lang replaces Andy Stirling. Attempt saved. Kevin McHattie (Raith Rovers) left footed shot from more than 35 yards is saved in the top centre of the goal. Attempt missed. <mask_1> Substitution, Dumbarton. Ross McCrorie replaces Samuel Stanton. Attempt missed. Rudi Skacel (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is too high following a set piece situation. <mask_1> Foul by Mark Docherty (Dumbarton). Corner,  Dumbarton. Conceded by Kevin McHattie. Substitution, Raith Rovers. Rudi Skacel replaces Jason Thomson. Foul by Samuel Stanton (Dumbarton). <mask_1> Corner,  Raith Rovers. Conceded by Stuart Carswell. Attempt blocked. <mask_1> Substitution, Dumbarton. Calum Gallagher replaces Christian Nade because of an injury. Substitution, Raith Rovers. Scott Roberts replaces Bobby Barr. Goal!  <mask_1> Gregor Buchanan (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Andy Stirling with a cross. Corner,  Dumbarton. Conceded by Jean-Yves Mvoto. Attempt blocked. Christian Nade (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Substitution, Raith Rovers. Ryan Stevenson replaces Chris Johnston. Kevin McHattie (Raith Rovers) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. <mask_1> Calum Gallagher (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the left wing. Goal!  <mask_1> Daniel Harvie (Dumbarton) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. Corner,  Dumbarton. Conceded by Jean-Yves Mvoto. <mask_1> Gregor Buchanan (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. <mask_1> Robert Thomson (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt saved. <mask_1> Andy Stirling (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card. Goal!  <mask_1> Christian Nade (Dumbarton) header from the centre of the box to the top right corner.
Police made the discovery after they were called to a house in Parkgrove Terrace in Clermiston at about 21:30 on Sunday. Officers have confirmed they are investigating an "unexplained death". <mask_1> A report will be sent to the procurator fiscal."
Several thousand cannabis plants with an estimated street value of £1m were seized in a raid on RGHQ Chilmark. <mask_1> <mask_1> The former Ministry of Defence bunker was built in the 1980s to protect local dignitaries and government officials in the event of a nuclear attack. Described as "almost completely impenetrable", Wiltshire Police had to wait for the suspects to leave the bunker before they could gain access. Det Insp Paul Franklin, said it was only after getting through the nuclear blast doors, that the "enormous set up" was discovered. "There are approximately 20 rooms in the building, split over two floors, each 200ft long and 70ft wide," he said. "Almost every single room had been converted for the wholesale production of cannabis plants, and there was a large amount of evidence of previous crops." He added that he was convinced it was "one of the largest crops ever discovered" in the county. A teenager and two men, aged 15, 19, and 37, all of no fixed abode, were arrested on suspicion of cannabis production. A further three men, aged 27, 30 and 45, all from Somerset, were arrested on suspicion of cannabis production and human trafficking offences.
<mask_1> The signal was detected by Nasa's Kepler Space Telescope; astronomers now plan to carry out follow-up observations with Hubble in October. A paper about the candidate moon is published on the Arxiv pre-print site. To date, astronomers have discovered more than 3,000 exoplanets - worlds orbiting stars other than the Sun. A hunt for exomoons - objects in orbit around those distant planets - has proceeded in parallel. But so far, these extrasolar satellites have lingered at the limits of detection with current techniques. Dr David Kipping, assistant professor of astronomy at Columbia University in New York, says he has spent "most of his adult life" looking for exomoons. For the time being, however, he urged caution, saying: "We would merely describe it at this point as something consistent with a moon, but, who knows, it could be something else." The Kepler telescope hunts for planets by looking for tiny dips in the brightness of a star when a planet crosses in front - known as a transit. <mask_1> The promising signal was observed during three transits - fewer than the astronomers would like to have in order to confidently announce a discovery. The work by Dr Kipping, his Columbia colleague Alex Teachey and citizen scientist Allan R Schmitt, assigns a confidence level of four sigma to the signal from the distant planetary system. The confidence level describes how unlikely it is that an experimental result is simply down to chance. If you express it in terms of tossing a coin, it's equivalent to tossing 15 heads in row. But Dr Kipping said this is not the best way to gauge the potential detection. He told BBC News: "We're excited about it... statistically, formally, it's a very high probability. But do we really trust the statistics? That's something unquantifiable. Until we get the measurements from Hubble, it may as well be 50-50 in my mind." The candidate moon is known as Kepler-1625b I and is observed around a star that lies some 4,000 light-years from Earth. On account of its large size, team members have dubbed it a "Nept-moon". <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> "I'd say it's the best [candidate] we've had," Dr Kipping told me. "Almost every time we hit a candidate, and it passes our tests, we invent more tests until it finally dies - until it fails one of the tests... in this case we've applied everything we've ever done and it's passed all of those tests. On the other hand, we only have three events." The work by Dr Kipping and colleagues forms part of the Hunt for Exomooons with Kepler (HEK) collaboration. Follow Paul on Twitter.
Jacob Murphy fired in a 25-yard shot, his first goal for the club, to set the Canaries on their way on 12 minutes. Further goals from Wes Hoolahan and Cameron Jerome then put Alex Neil's men three up inside 25 minutes. Steven Naismith added a fourth before Rovers half-time substitute Anthony Stokes headed a debut Ewood Park goal. Norwich failed to score in five of their last six games in the Premier League - but Alex Neil's side wasted no time in putting that right as they enjoyed their first opening-day victory in 14 years. In new Blackburn boss Coyle's first game in charge since succeeding former Norwich manager Paul Lambert, his outclassed side were fighting a massive uphill battle before the new season was even half an hour old. After scoring 10 times last season on loan at Coventry, 21-year-old Murphy netted just 12 minutes into his Canaries debut when he wriggled clear from Adam Henley and was allowed to turn before blasting home a fabulous strike from well outside the box. Five minutes later, Hoolahan's left-foot shot found the bottom left corner before Jerome found the net for number three. And, on 57 minutes, Naismith's left-foot shot found the bottom right corner. Stokes' late consolation could not prevent Norwich's third win at Blackburn in 19 visits, and their second in a row, having won 2-1 on their last trip to Ewood in February 2015. Blackburn Rovers manager Owen Coyle: "I don't think it's one that we wanted, envisaged or anticipated. We started the first 10 minutes very well, on the front foot, and for all intents and purposes, we looked fine. "Then the lad scores a wonder goal. I'm not sure he'll score too many goals as good as that in his career, but that's the quality Norwich City have. "They've been clinical and ruthless and punished us for every mistake we've made. Having said that, it's important that in those areas where the Hoolahans and Naismiths are popping the ball off, that we get pressure on the ball and get that tackle in. "With all due respect, with the first three goals and even the fourth one, we allowed them time to play and, when good players pass and move at pace, it causes anybody problems." Norwich City boss Alex Neil: "Jacob Murphy earned his start. I played him against Hannover last week. I took him off because I had to solidify the middle of the pitch. "I spoke to him throughout the week and said 'I'm not now fixing Hannover, I'm preparing to beat Blackburn.' He's responded. It's a fantastic strike. "He's got the pace to terrify defenders, as he showed with his goal. He's got something in his locker where he can win a game with his quality. "We wanted to play in a manner which people are going to sit up and take notice of us and know that we mean business this season, and we did all that, which was really pleasing." <mask_1> <mask_1> Attempt missed. Timm Klose (Norwich City) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Alex Pritchard with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Norwich City. Conceded by Gordon Greer. Corner,  Norwich City. Conceded by Gordon Greer. Attempt blocked. Cameron Jerome (Norwich City) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is blocked. Assisted by Steven Naismith. Offside, Blackburn Rovers. Adam Henley tries a through ball, but Danny Graham is caught offside. Offside, Blackburn Rovers. Danny Graham tries a through ball, but Liam Feeney is caught offside. Foul by Ivo Pinto (Norwich City). <mask_1> <mask_1> Conceded by John Ruddy. Foul by Ivo Pinto (Norwich City). <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Attempt missed. Darragh Lenihan (Blackburn Rovers) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Liam Feeney with a cross following a corner. <mask_1> Conceded by Cameron Jerome. <mask_1> Conceded by Cameron Jerome. <mask_1> Conceded by Alexander Tettey. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Conceded by Alex Pritchard. Attempt saved. Anthony Stokes (Blackburn Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Youssouf Mulumbu (Norwich City) is shown the yellow card for hand ball. Hand ball by Youssouf Mulumbu (Norwich City). Substitution, Norwich City. Alex Pritchard replaces Wes Hoolahan. Attempt missed. Jacob Murphy (Norwich City) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right from a direct free kick. Substitution, Norwich City. Youssouf Mulumbu replaces Jonny Howson. Gordon Greer (Blackburn Rovers) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> Foul by Jonny Howson (Norwich City). <mask_1> Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Adam Henley (Blackburn Rovers) because of an injury. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1>
Speaking to reporters at the G20 summit, the unnamed official said "no-one pays any attention" to Britain. Mr Cameron said Russia had "absolutely denied" the remarks. But he used the opportunity to champion Britain, saying few other nations had "a prouder history, a bigger heart or greater resilience". British relations with Russia have been strained in recent years following the murder of former KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko in London in 2007. The two countries disagree over what to do about the war in Syria, which is dominating discussions at the two-day summit. Downing Street has sought "clarification" about the remark, which was made by a Russian official to a group of journalists including the BBC earlier this week and subsequently reported by BBC Political Editor Nick Robinson. Russian President Vladimir Putin's chief spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, said he did not know the source of the remark but stressed that it did not come from him. <mask_1> "Let me be clear - Britain may be a small island but I would challenge anyone to find a country with a prouder history, a bigger heart or greater resilience," he told reporters. <mask_1> "Britain is an island that helped to abolish slavery, that has invented most of the things worth inventing, including every sport currently played around the world, that still today is responsible for art, literature and music that delights the entire world. "We are very proud of everything we do as a small island - a small island that has the sixth-largest economy, the fourth best-funded military, some of the most effective diplomats, the proudest history, one of the best records for art and literature and contribution to philosophy and world civilisation." <mask_1> I don't want anyone in Shetland or Orkney to feel left out by this." <mask_1> "If I go on too long about our literature, our art, our philosophy, our contribution, including of course the world's language... if I start talking about this 'blessed plot, this sceptred isle, this England' I might have to put it to music, so I think I'll leave it there," he said. Mr Peskov told reporters he didn't know the origin of the "small island" remark. "I simply can't explain the source of that claim. Definitely it is nothing to do with reality. It is definitely not something I have said. I don't know whose views it reflects - it's nothing to do with us. "We have very positive dynamics in our relationship between Britain and Russia. We have very good contacts between our two leaders, Mr Putin and Mr Cameron." But a Conservative MP has waded into the row by saying on Twitter that President Putin "really is a tosser". Confirming his views to the BBC, Crawley MP Henry Smith added: "I would say in other forums he's an absurd character. I think it's appalling and shameful what he did in protecting the Assad regime." <mask_1>
The Swans are up to 12th in the table, 13 points clear of the relegation zone. Having reached the 40-point mark widely regarded as a guarantee of top-flight safety, Guidolin thinks Swansea can start planning for next season. "Yes, I think so. It is virtual safety. It's not real yet but now we can see forward, not behind," he said. Media playback is not supported on this device "This is an important message for us, for my players, for our fans, for the club." Swansea's win was their first in the Premier League against Chelsea since returning to the top flight in 2011. Gylfi Sigurdsson's volley capped a dominant first-half display from the Swans, who have now won four out of their last six league games. Guidolin, who succeeded Garry Monk in January, ranks the victory against Chelsea as the finest display of his tenure. <mask_1> <mask_1> <mask_1> "My opinion is we can play in this way since a long time but I am a new manager and I needed to know my players, all my players. "Today I saw my team play very well, with aggression, with quality." Prior to the match, Guidolin said he planned to discuss a new contract with chairman Huw Jenkins once Swansea had guaranteed their Premier League survival. Guidolin's current deal expires at the end of this season. <mask_1> I don't want to speak about this because I spoke enough. "My position is clear and now I am very happy because, three months ago when I arrived, the situation was not very good. Now it is a little bit better."
She suffered severe burns and was taken to hospital for treatment to her injuries but died later that evening. The fire happened at a flat in Ardnaclowney House, a sheltered housing complex, off Beechmount Avenue. Police and the fire service attended the scene about 16:00 GMT after the fire broke out in the woman's top-floor flat. <mask_1> Three other residents were treated at the scene for smoke inhalation. The flat has been cordoned off while an investigation takes place.
